Thank you
Love coming back here! Always relaxed and peaceful.
 Nusa dua is a quiet area so wouldn't suit people looking for heaps of action.
Staff are so lovely - Alit was a standout for service and personal attention.
Nusa Dua Beach Hotel Bali is probably the most authentic Balinese resort in Nusa Dua area.
 Love the food there..
The pizza is superb, the "jamu" at the breakfast is one of the best I have had in hotels.
The dinner experience (by the beach) at Chess was one of the highlights of my stay.
The beach is clean, peaceful and feels really romantic! I recommend walking along the beach around after 9pm :-)
Will definitely come back for the beach, pizza and jamu!!! Oh did I mention the spa was amazing too?!
Although listed as a 4.
5 to 5 star resort, please be prepared definitely not to South African or Japanese standards.
The rating probably still exists as a nod to the architecture, the many restaurants, pools, spa facilities and immaculate gardens.
But this is greatly let down by the deplorable conditions of the rooms.
Thankfully we had a free upgrade to the Premier room from a deluxe room but this only made a difference in terms of space.
However the room condition was not good, since I travelled with my 17 month daughter, I was disappointed, the kettle needs replacing(lime scale buildup), the bathrooms deep cleaned and the bathroom accessories replaced.
There was a noticeable damp smell as well.
I think that although anyone could argue this is symptomatic of a tropical climate, airing of rooms should be done regularly, with so much incense available, strange there is nothing to deodorize the rooms.
 Additionally the balcony/shutter doors need a privacy net curtain, a net screen would also be welcome to keep out pests( such as the squirrels, which were reminiscent of flying rats)
The on site clinic facility came in handy when my daughter developed a runny nose and high fever.
 The female doctor was quite thorough and although after clinic hours 8pm arrived not 10 minutes after the call out which was I was extremely grateful for.
My thanks to the hotel management for this facility.
I also used the on site hair salon.
 The service was excellent, however the strangest incident happened when my husband paid cash, the cashier at the salon did not give him any change, and only did so after he requested the change, he assumed they had thought it was a tip but still I don't think this is correct practice.
And would advise caution when paying.
Please note the hotel is currently running a special on an 8 night stay, advertised on their website and not on any booking sites.
This worked out to almost a half board stay, plus spa treatments, and return airport transfers, and food and drink vouchers.
 Which I compliment the hotel on excellent marketing! 
The spa was immensely relaxing, but it was annoying that my husband and I had to take turns to use it as there is no daycare at the spa and children under 12 are not allowed in the spa area.
 So we could not make use of the sport recreation facilities as we felt rushed to return to our daughter.
A soundproof nursery on site would have been greatly appreciated.
Yes, I am aware there is baby-sitting facilities for a charge.
I don't understand the need for this when a shared nursary staff is more economical for the guests.
And at least the kids are near at hand.
Generally the area is nice very picturesque.
 The beach is sad, especially when the tide is out, again, a pity the Balinese don't feel moved to treat their environment more protectively, unfortunately too much litter.
An all day beach cleaning at the hotel would have been greatly appreciated.
The food is bland, sadly so with wonderful fresh ingredients and spices this was disappointing.
 I ended up giving detailed instructions on how we wanted our food prepared after too many fails, at best I can say it tasted little better than airline food.
Overall if you want a budget friendly stay, or perhaps if your more intent on touring and not going to be in the hotel much, this hotel works.
 But if you want a luxury stay, I would say give this place a miss.
Excellent 8 nights at the Hotel with the staff service being the reason this is a particularly ideal place to stay.
 Their attitude and courtesy was a delight and they are a credit to the hotel ensuring we had all we needed at all times - basically they spoilt us all week with drinks, meals and towels etc.
brought and taken away as we required.
Everything is on hand and the pool and beach were great.
Would strongly recommend especially the Chess Bar and Restaurant at Happy Hour!
We can recommend everyone tot visit nusa dua beach hotel .
 Also for children this hotel is worth visiting.
All staff was genuine kind to all visitors.
An extra plus is the beach the hotel is lying next to.
Great spot with excellent staff.
 Very friendly, a nice place to recharge.
Good place to escape hassling from locals on kuta to seminyak strip.
Beaches always clean.
Stayed last trip at kuta side and couldn't swim at beach due to an unbelievable amount of garbage in ocean and on beach.
Very nice hotel with great location.
 Fantastic grounds.
First room given felt abit damp - not been used for a while.
Mentioned this at reception, manager came out and moved us to a new room and upgraded us.
Food great, the staff are the best.
 They work long hours but are always friendly and really want to help.
Great time, going back in August
Greatest hotel in the area.
 Great rooms, great service from the workers and great restraunts.
I was extremely surprised by how fast and amazing the workers were.
I almost felt like I was home.
I am definetly going to go back 
Older resort with lots of character.
 We stayed half board which doesn't include drinks but once we got the hang of it it was ok.
No freeWifi in rooms just mainly in lobby which is annoying.
Staff are great , food in restaurants is good and breakfast is ok.
Beach is lovely as well as the spa treatments.
Great place to stay but resort is very quiet with limited entertainment.
I had my birthday out there and staff made it real special .
Get a premier room as a deluxe is awful .
 We changed our room to a premier one as a result .
It has a bath and balcony
Check-in: 19 April 2015
Check-out: 25 April 2015
Room type: Deluxe Club Room
Recommend to others: Yes
Pools, sun, friendly staff, good company.
..what more could you ask for?
Our time at Nusa Dua Beach Resort provided a great start to our 2 week Bali holiday.
 It was extremely relaxing with plenty of activities if reading by the pool wasn't your thing.
Taxis are also dirt cheap so you can travel to neighbouring Kuta or Seminyak for a change of scene/cheap meal.
Things to look out for:
* Get to the pool/s early to secure a lounge.
 However, Lounge Hogs beware...if you think it's a good idea to put a book on a lounge then go for breakfast, go to the fitness centre etc.
you may find your belongings removed if your lounge is unoccupied for 1 hour;
* A service fee is attributed to all purchases at the resort.
 No need to tip unless you experience exceptional service (although customary to tip porters for bag handling and housekeeping).
Having said that workers in these resorts earn between US$100 and US$200 per month so a few extra bucks means more to them than it does to you;
* If you need a complaint handled effectively you may be waiting a while.
 The main downside with this place is that there isn't a fluent English speaker who can handle a grievance.
We had an issue where one staff member assured us there was an 8 seater van we could take to Seminyak for RP500,000 for 3 hours.
When we got to reception we not only discovered there is no such van but there had not been any transport arranged for us.
Reception and also the Transport Desk didn't seem to understand that it was an issue for us.
 After 10 minutes of negotiations they offered RP1,000,000 for return across two vehicles.
Twice the original quote.
After a few more minutes without us budging they offered RP600,000.
The resort just had to cut/remove their commission.
So providing everything runs smoothly this place is amazing.
 But if you have an issue you may just need to grin and bear it.
Stayed at the Nusa Dua Beach hotel in April 15 for four nights.
The hotel is built in grand Balinese style as opposed to some of the more modern style of surrounding hotels.
 It is located on Nusa Dua beach amid very large gardens.
Stayed in a Palace Club suite which is very spacious with a large balcony overlooking the lovely gardens.
 Use of the Club Lounge facilities for breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails was very much enjoyed.
The staff at both the Club Lounge and throughout the hotel were very friendly and helpful.
Had a very comfortable relaxing stay and thoroughly enjoyed it.
 
Looking forward to a return visit next year.
We stayed here for one week for our honeymoon.
 The resort is beautiful with bars, restaurants, pools and easy access to the beach.
The rooms are neat and comfortable with ample space and a mini-bar.
Breakfast is well-stocked with options for everyone and I highly recommend booking an option that includes this.
We did struggle a bit with suppers as we are vegetarian and there are very limited options to choose from.
In the end, we walked to local restaurants outside the resort where there were more and cheaper options.
This is the main reason for not allocating a full 5 stars.
The service at the hotel is however excellent.
From our airport transfers through to room service, service was always fast and always efficient.
It is important to note that when staying at any luxury hotel the experience may not be as 'local' as hoped, but we found the hotel well situated for exploring the rest of the island and they can also help to arrange tours.
The resort spa is also beautiful with reasonably priced treatments.
All in all a leisurely, beautiful stay at a hotel I would stay at again.
Just spent 9 days here and after scoping the local area we are very happy with our choice of resort.
 The location in Nusa Dua is great, the most picturesque part of the beach, some interesting small temples on nearby headlands, a few local shops along the beachfront as well as local market within easy walking distance...
and of course Bali Collection (which we actually really enjoyed - inflated prices but still cheaper than home and surprisingly diverse)
Not a whole lot to do if you are looking for cultural experiences but nice place to lay on the beach/pool and relax.
We chose a room overlooking the tropical garden and were really happy with it.
 Nice and peaceful away from the pool scene, tranquil view of ponds and geese, lots of trees.
Buy some nuts from the local shop for the squirrels!
This is the oldest resort in Nusa Dua so a few cracks are showing in the old girl but more than made up for by traditional finishes and features - totally charming.
Food is fine, drinks cost HEAPS, staff are gorgeous.
 No wifi in rooms which was annoying - only in lobby and bars
Would definitely stay here again!
We stayed at this hotel over Easter and it really surprised us with just how relaxing and fun it was! We went on a Luxury Escapes Voucher which we used for the first time and we were really impressed with it.
 It was very easy to use the voucher system and the hotel were very accommodating with the voucher system also.
The kids absolutely loved the pools and the kids club and the friends they made.
I loved the water aerobics in the pool, the choice of restaurants, the massages at the spa and the adult pool at the spa.
We played tennis, went on a tandem bike ride, played table tennis and got family photos taken.
We watched two out of the three dinner shows on offer that week (the kids loved them), one of which had a really great buffet.
The beach was nice to swim and relax on.
It was a family friendly place, that made for a very relaxing holiday.
The two downsides I can think of, there was construction going on at one of their restaurants on the beach but that will obviously end eventually and the poolside and beachside service was a little slow.
Other than that, I recommend this place for a chill out family holiday.
After a not too pleasant week in Singapore after Bangkok, we decided to split the remaining 2 weeks by getting out of Singapore and decided on Bali.
 We were recommended this hotel/resort by many so booked for 6 nights.We were so glad we did.
Its a short drive from the airport, and the hotel forms part of a "gated-security" area.
Although we were allocated a room on the 1st floor and quite far away from reception, it was actually quite near the beach and pool bar and restaurant.
A nearby lift was also a great convenience for my limted-mobility wife.
The sea here is great, protected by a reef and although the tide goes quite a way out and drops quite a bit, the sea is swimmable for a fairly long period .
 The beaches are superbly clean with lovely white sand.
Service as to be expected, is superb, although a small criticism here: there is sometimes a problem getting beach service because the staff at the poolside bar has to serve both the pool and the beach.
Some sort of paging system might be of help here.
We would definitely stay here again.
We stayed at Nusa Dua for 3 nights, In October 2013 with our 2 children aged 6 and 2.
The welcome was fantastic.
 Check in - not a hitch.
The hotel is Immaculate.
 Beautifully landscaped, clean, and inviting.
Staff are so friendly willing to do anything for you.
 Room cleaning is fast and thorough.
The pool area is stunning.
 Pretty large pool for the adults, with a number of smaller pools for the children.
Has a slippery slide which my son enjoyed very much! 
There are a number of restaurants within the hotel.
 Food was average - I thought.
Bit on the expensive side (but it is common in Bali at the resorts).
Most times we went on the free shuttle to the Bali Collection (an outlet for shopping/eating) where meals there were a lot nicer and not to mention cheaper.
The outlet shopping there ok (pretty cheap), can buy a lot of bali items to take home with you.
We stayed on the top level (can't remember room number) viewing pool area.
 Not too noisey.
View is fantastic.
Can watch the sunrise, and the on-goings of the hotel below.
The beach is just amazing (calm and serene) They have many sunbeds etc that you can relax on.
 This beach has a number of big hotels along it.
You can walk along the path and check out the other hotels facilities (they don't mind).
Its a beautiful walk.
However on the beach there are locals trying to sell you bali items (ei: sarongs, shells, tourist attraction services) - they can be a annoying especially if you want to relax.
 They are not permitted to come into the hotel, but are allowed to stalk the tourists on the beach.
I recommend this place to families.
Already looking to book up our next visit.
 Such a People Friendly Resort.
This was our second visit and have had great times on both occasions.
The Palace Club facilities made our holiday perfect.
Nothing is too much bother for the staff, from the management to the ground staff.
Have been to other hotels in Nusa Dua, but this is by far our favourite.
Thank you Nusa Dua Hotel!
A beautiful location and resort with a unique setting in tranquil gardens.
 Each day began with the most delightful buffet breakfast served by genuinely friendly and gracious staff.
The most wonderful holiday will definitely be revisiting.
Our sincere commendation to management and all staff.
After reading some reviews some people are obviously hard to please or will whinge about the smallest thing.
 My wife and I stayed for eight days at this resort during April 2015 and couldn't be more happy.
The food was great, the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful and the amenities within the complex and room were faultless.
Each meal had a great selection and couldn't be faulted, the chefs at the comp[lex did a fabulous job in presentation and taste.
My wife and I will certainly stay at this resort again so congratulations to management on a well presented 
and efficiently run resort
By Barry S
The Palace Club area at the NDBH is so peaceful and beautiful, away from the noise and with ducks on rolling green lawns and amid the fountains and gazebos.
 The spa pool is a refuge.
And of course there is the attentive and friendly staff.
A great place for romance and to recharge the batteries.
Have Stayed here twice now and the rooms are really nice and theres always squirrels on the balcony when you wake up.
 The pools are a bit boring for young kids but are big.
Right on the beach and has very good staff.
This hotel and their staff are excellent.
 
We stayed for ten nights in April 2015 and we were amazed at the excellent standards maintained by hotel staff from the quality of the food to the service provided by the attentive staff.
It was definitely a luxury Balinese escape and was the perfect place for our honeymoon.
Our experience was exceptional from the moment we arrived until we departed.
 
The hotel has classic appeal which distinguishes itself from neighbouring hotels which are very modern western looking.
 
In contrast the Nusa dua beach hotel architecture makes you feel like your in your own little balinese kingdom.
We met up with our Australian family and young grandson for our yearly get together holiday.
 The hotel is in true Balinese style with lovely gardens, pools etc but their biggest asset is their wonderful staff.
Without exception every member of staff greeted us with a big smile and nothing was too much trouble, we really did feel like their valued guests.
The breakfast Buffett was a feast with every food for all nationalities.
 My only complaint was very slow WiFi and not free in the rooms, I know we all spend too much time on our iPhones but it was useful for planning trips etc and keeping in touch with home.
I have given cleanliness five stars but the bathroom was slightly shabby which did not really matter but a bit more deep cleaning of tiles, splash backs and the wood in front of the sinks would have been good, the rest of the hotel was spotless.
We recently were lucky enough for get a bargain price on Luxury escapes website for a trip to Bali staying at Nusa Dua Hotel.
 This was our first time to visit Bai and although we had some concerns about the weather, and the deal itself, we were amazing.
I will remember this trip for all of its highlights but also being a part of these gentle people who live in such a peaceful way and never complain.
Every day was relaxing .
Not one day did we have any complaint about the room spacious and comfortale.
The food delicious and at breakfast it is a monumental array of food from all customers no matter where they lived what ever was desired was in front of you and each day you can taste food to see what it is and how it tastes seen so much food put out for mulitnational travellers.
Most guest are family or older couple all well behavd.
 It is isolated from other areas but for a reasonable price there are many guides available, we organised one from trip advisor recommendations and did a day.
Tour because we just wanted to relax.there are four pools some for little ones some for adults only near the spa.
Massages were wonderful, the service clean sheets every day.
Because I had never been to anywhere tropical like this I had to get used of the temperature and sometimes very hot we always went to the pool.
The room was constantly air conditioned and very effective.
You get to understand many of the ways of keeping cool in a rtrpical weather zone and this is what had stopped me from spreading my Asian wings I will be forever grateful to all staff and my husband in making our holiday once in a litime dream come true.
This place is just "Wow".
 Very nice hotel in traditional style, great people working there, great food.
My 2 week stay was like living in paradise...
If you are looking for a place to relax, your in the right place here.
I will soon be back...
We spent five wonderful days relaxing and enjoying the property after traveling extensively in Australia for 4 weeks.
 The hotel is well located, the beach is beautiful and private in comparison to the other hotels surrounding it.
The Bali collection is within walking distance for shopping and dining.
The beach vendors are friendly and respectful.
The staff are helpful and very attentive.
Highly recommend this resort.
We definitely will come back!
Me and my family had a great time in this hotel.
 We were there in "Silent Day" when everybody had to stay in hotel and we enjoyed swimming in pool, having breakfast, lunch and dinner and we didn't want to leave the hotel.
So I recommend this hotel to everybody who wants to enjoy their time in Bali with family.
I had a very good relaxing time here, the breakfast was over my expectation, the yoga at the sunrise, the weddings in the yards, the pools the beach views, the theatre with shows for the dinner, the rooms, everything great!
After a 22 hour flight from Toronto, Canada (not including four hour stopover in Hong Kong to change flights), we were welcomed by the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel Manager like we were friends.
 
Service is sublime.
 Every wish is graciously taken care of.
Hotel restaurant food is exceptional, and surprisingly inexpensive.
Luxurious rooms are exquisite with hand carved teak wood.
Grounds are lavish and overflowing with Palm trees and tropical plants.
And the pools and beach....Paradise.
Felt like a Queen at this resort...especially after getting my long blonde hair 'done' at the resort's beauty salon.
Can't wait to travel to Bali again, but will bring some relatives to experience the dream-like atmosphere at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
Stayed in this amazing resort for 11 days , it was heaven from the minute we checked in , sinead and dermot the managers were amazing and took care of us so well , when I arrived back in New York the one question people kepp asking was.
..would I go back again , and I would 100% the food the staff swimming pool beach are all incredible
I'm so happy that we chose this Resort as part of our Honey Moon.
 It was a nice place to be, with several different things to do but at the same time it gives you the chance to chill out and relax.
The location is also really nice, with a big white sand beach, where you can take a bath or have a nice dinner.
The most beautiful garden in all Nusa Dua specially when you do a tour with the Garden Manager! An other fantastic experience was the Fruit Carving with an experienced Chef that above all is a true artist.
Last but not least was the Spa massages and the honest and unique hospitality of all the Staff.
 No doubt an experience to repeat.
We had the most amazing time at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The facilities were beautiful and the staff were so lovely.
We got a free upgrade to a family room which was so nice.
We loved the pools and being so close to a beautiful beach was wonderful.
The Spa was amazing and the baby sitting facilities were great for my 2 year old son.
The food was just beautiful and the sushi at the Japanese restaurant was our favourite.
I would recommend this resort to all of my friends and family.
We will definitely be going back.
The perfect destination for a family holiday.
Charming hotel with plenty of character.
 Staff were always friendly.
Great Buffett breakfast.
Rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable.
A little isolated, but free shuttle bus to the 'Bali Collection' (sterile shopping and restaurant complex, for tourists) and taxi elsewhere.
Recommended.
Apart from a few language breakdown moments and one evening when the service seemed to be run by trainees, everything was most enjoyable and I would stay again.
 The restaurant food was very good, the situation is excellent, beds and pillows great.
 
it was our 5 stay and will not be the last the hotel and grounds where perfect but the staff where even better its like our second home.
We shall be returning later in the year and look forward to seeing all our friends that work at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa from the management to the breakfast staff.
 
This was our second visit to the Resort and an 8 night package.
 The total experience was one of sheer luxury at a supurb resort.
We were upgraded to a superior room, the friendliness of all staff, from cleaners to bar staff and restaurant persons were all of the highest standard.
The facilities seem to cater for every persons needs.
There are the exersise facilities then abundance of areas to just chill out.
Overall, my wife and I will be back to the Resort and include the family all together in the same place.
Look forward to experiencing the new bar/ eating area that is currently under construction.
I love everything about Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 My kid loves the pool and was there from morning till afternoon while I could do sunbathing by the beach.
Breakfast was super.
 The pool bar is also nice.
This was the second time I stayed at Nusa Dua Hotel and Spa.
The location and service is second to none, my partner and I loved our time their!!
Beautiful beach and staff, great facilities.
 Although the dining at the resorts restaurants is of exceptional quality, you will be paying a premium cost.
Very friendly staff and a beautiful, peaceful setting.
 Obviously more pricey than other parts of Bali but worth it for the space and service.
This was our 4th stay and no doubt we'll be back.
Love it!
 
The Hotel and staff were amazing I would highly recomend anyone to stay at this hotel, the location suited us as you do not get harased in Nisa Dua,and the rooms were exactly as the looked on line, as weel as clean and very comfortable.
traveled as a solo traveler.
 Felt safe.
Take a taxi from inside Airport.
Resort is fantastic and gives a great Bali feel! It sits along "hotel row" and there are other known hotels right next door but this resort was more "Bali" - fantastic spa and service! fantasic food! 
I wont give 5 stars as i did feel at one point a little discriminated against because I had tan skin (filipino/mexican) and i think they thought i was a local instead of a tourist (i came from california!) and did not give me service at the beach like they gave all the other "light skin" guests.
 The breakfast buffet was huge and everything was so tasty! the guest room was a great size and very comfortable!
My Husband and I had never been to the NusaDuaBeachResort and Spa and were very impressed by the attention to details and warmth of the staff throughout the resort.
Lovely gardens,ducks,squirrels and aquatic life made it a joy for our grandson as well.We will be back!
It's a nice resort but a little tired and old.
 Still has good location on the beach which is great for kids.
Pool area is nice too but a slide for the kids should be added to increase the fun.
One of our reason to choose this hotel was the Raja Balinese resturant which offer halal food for Muslims and we wanted to try the Balinese food that is halal.
We were not disappointed the good at Raja Balinese was amazing and I loved their lemongrass, honey ginger and coconut ice cream flavors.
Very unique flavors of ice cream.
As it was my third 'stay'(unfortunately without my late husband this time) I found the management and staff as wonderful and accomodating as ever.
 My only 'complaint' if any is the communication barrier with concierge and reception staff..
otherwise my stay was very pleasant and with late checkout,compliments of Bruce White,was very impressed and we were appreciative of the kind gesture.
Thank you for making our holiday memorable .
Will definitely recommend your resort to family and friends.
This was the 3rd leg of our Asian 5 star tour, and although really nice building, grounds and beach it just lacked a little on a couple of things like service and the room felt very damp (our helpful cleaner Warna said that he could bring a dehumidifier if we wanted, so may have had similar issues?) we decided to turn off the air con at night and seemed to be better.
 Apart from Dewi at the Loung Bar (who was really nice with great interaction skills), Rina (customer relations) and Warna (housekeeping) I can't think of any one else to mention as being stand outs.
Look, it's a nice hotel, 5 star - just because of its facilities and location on a great beach.
I read that most people raved about the breakfast- well it was just ok nothing great to be honest, apart from the fruit selection.
My husband and I travelled to Bali to attend a wedding.
 54 people travelled from Ireland, USA and Australia for the same reason.
The staff were exceptional, the accommodation was superb, the food delicious and the atmosphere relaxed.
All needs were catered for.
One of the best weddings and times I have experienced.
We have stayed with you a number of times and have always found the amenities and staff excellent.
 We found only one problem and that was the length of the hairdryer cord did not allow you to use the mirror.We would very interested in hearing of any deals you have available in the future.
My partner and myself stayed 3 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa!
From the moment you drive into the resort you feel impressed.
 Check in was prompt and easy, we were shown to our room & the bell boy/man explained how to work everything in our room which was great! Amazing TV selection (not that you spend a lot of time in the room), the room itself was great! One of the best we have stayed in during our 5 trips to Bali.
Very modern but still with a traditional Indonesian feel!
The grounds are amazing; it took us a whole day to work out where everything was (which was a good thing).
 The two pools were great, although we struggled with the temperature, it was quite warm; but this was the same issue with our previous accommodation in Legian, so we assumed it was due to the warm/humid weather!
Breakfast was AMAZING, everything you could want from a buffet breakfast (also included vegemite!!).
 We only ate at restaurants twice, as they were quite expensive (around the same price as Aus).
So we got a taxi into Kuta/Legian one night which was around $10AU.
The trip out there, back & the meal in Kuta cost us less than the meal at the resort.
My partner play’s competition tennis and was pleased that you could not only play tennis but could also hire a partner, this was only 30,000 to hire! He had a great time & the lovely man who he played was so lovely.
 From the spa/sports centre you can also hire bikes, which we did one morning.
You can take them anywhere or stay on the bike track which takes you around the beach.
We rode around the streets and then along the beach.
Check out was quick and easy (I actually had to ask “Is that it”).
 I would recommend this hotel for a couples 25+ as it is the perfect place to relax and wind down, in our case wind down from a week of busy Legian.
Defiantly give it a try, I am sure you will love it!
We thoroughly enjoyed our third stay at the hotel.
The hotel amenities & the staff's friendly attentive service were as fantastic as usual.
We also enjoyed the quietness of the spa pool this trip being without the kids.
Our friends (first timers) were very impressed and can't wait to come back again too.
Myself and my husband stayed in this hotel for my brothers wedding.
 It was super...
D staff, food, rooms and hospitality was top class! We would highly recommend this hotel.
The spa was the best ever...
!!
this place was beautiful.
 the breakfast in the morning was my favourite.
so much variety and the food was amazing.
the staff was very friendly as well, anything we needed they were quick to assist.
side restaurants weren't bad.
a little salty but typical resort prices.
the beach was average and pool was nice.
more families not really a young person place.
All was good at the 5 star Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 The only real issue we had was that the pool is too hot.
The temperature in March/April and the encompassing humidity you really need a pool which should refresh you and we found that this did not happen.
Turn the temp on the pool down and it would be so much better.
Staff were exceptional and met our slightest wish with a wonderful Bali smile.
 we came home feeling completely un-wound and relaxed.
Would recommend to all - rooms with balcony were fantastic for an afternoon read or feed the squirrels.
Cultural dinners were fantastic - Spa treatments out of this world.
Would love to re-visit one day.
Eight nights of luxury, nice suite in Palace Club though no view and building just outside room, however never really noisy.
 Very good staff, lovely surroundings, we spent most of the time between the pools and the beach.
Afternoon tea and cocktails and all dinners included plus 3 theme shows.
Very pleasant stay, would come again.
My wife and I had a wonderful enjoyable and relaxing holiday.
 The staff were very attentive and professional.
All our queries were answered promptly and cheerfully.
We felt thoroughly spoiled and special.
The spa treatments were especially enjoyable and the cultural dinners were wonderful.
Our welcome evening of cocktails was a great way to meet fellow guests.
We really enjoyed the holiday, Staff was excellent & very polite.
A perfect place for families with kids
rooms well maintained & clean.
Food & drinks served almost all the day if you are staying at the palace club.
.
Nice garden, clean, with some animals.
.
we will come back.
..
 
We just got back from a fantastic holiday at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 Had booked a Luxury Escape package and was a bit dubious as to what we were letting ourselves in for.
Couldn't have been happier! From the minute we landed everything was made easy - the pick up from the airport was great - and the check in quick and easy.
We paid a bit extra to upgrade our room and it was totally worth it.
My 6 year old daughter had her own bed and we had a lovely room looking out onto the pool.
The Gecko kids club was a bonus and thoroughly enjoyed by both my daughter and us.
The ladies that ran it were lovely and the fact that she could come and go as she pleased while we were sat at the pool worked well for all of us.
The activities were fun and lots of friends were made.
The food is great although a little limited re the menus available re the package but the quality was great and the kids menu went down very well.
The spa sessions were lovely and thoroughly enjoyed.
The people working there were friendly and couldn't do enough to help.
The package also included a free photograph and we have a lovely reminder of our wonderful holiday.
Would definitely recommend this hotel and we hope to return next year.
My husband and I loved our stay with you.
 We wish we could have extended it.
The service we received and the wonderful ambience and attention your hotel showed us during our stay was excellent.
We look forward to coming back and really hope that you continue to work with Luxury Escapes as it is a fabulous opportunity of promoting your hotel.
Thank you, Kim and Rod Venaglia 
 
3rd stay and again loved it,brilliant staff, beaches and food,had the luxury escape package this time- great value though not much variety in chess set lunches and very confusing trying to explain that we had paid an upgrade fee so our children were free- I think to avoid the confusion that they should have their own passports to be stamped and have the staff just cross out the massage and scuba diving that's not included for them feel non alcoholic beverages should be supplied at the buffet dinners as cost adds up when purchasing these additionally, rooms are becoming a bit tired and can be quite noisy, we were kept up by the guest next doors television on a few occasions so sound proofing isn't the best, another suggestion would be to add a pizza option to the kids menu, we travelled with another family and all of the kids were wanting pizza ( which btw the pizza at Sandros is the BEST!) We look forward to our next trip.
Great hotel in Nusa Dua, with spacious rooms and beautiful views.
 Staff are helpful and friendly and we really enjoyed our stay here.
Facilities are really good as well.
All up this is a top option for accommodation in this area of Bali
Wonderful old style Balinese resort with all we required for a very relaxing two weeks.
 The Indonesian restaurant on site was not popular and the food was not as good as the Asian restaurant.
New facilities are being built and will be exciting new additions.
Staff are extremely helpful and courteous.
Management were extremely helpful and most supportive of a medical problem.
All adds up to a return visit with extended family.
Garry and Marilyne 
Love the location.
Had a bit of construction going on so detracted from the view a bit.
The kids playground being upgraded while we stayed there gave our children less to do.
All in all it was an enjoyable stay.
Very nice Hotel, in a secured area with all facility there.
Staff is extremely helpful and kind.
We had a very nice experience and will certainly come back.
The food in the restaurants was ok but nothing special, which you might expect for the prices they charge
 
For the price this is certainly not the value that one would look at.
There are other properties in the same vicinity and that give a better ambience and quality.
basically this is an old property with the rooms size as very small.
The beach is however good and clean.
 
A good hotel in an expensive area which formed the base for our Holidays in Bali.
 We enjoyed staying here during days of just relaxing and felt it good to come back to after trips on the island.
The treatment here is excellent.
For survey, please use "NOT APPLICABLE" as well.
 Because I went for a meeting and I did not have to use much of the service in Hotel.
Also, please make sure that rooms smell fresh.
They smell a bit bad.
Please make bathroom better, it seems torn down.
Other than that it is quiet and serene.
Thank you.
Great, staff were friendly and attentive.
 Nusa Dua itself is quite an expensive area, so we found out.
Venturing just outside of it found considerably cheaper prices (anywhere up to a third cheaper for something like a massage or bottle of water!).
Nusa Dua Beach Hotel had a great pool bar, lounge chairs everywhere, numerous restaurants to choose from.
Not a great deal of activities, but these weren't far away by a taxi.
Stunning, developed gardens and wildlife everywhere...
This resort is luxury.
Nusa Dua is a paradise - certainly the place to go to experience a beautiful, clean Bali beaches.
 Nusa Dua Hotel & Spa is one of the best hotels to spend your holidays in terms of quality of service, cleanliness and excellent location.
A great Bali experience.
We enjoyed our 4 day stay at the hotel.
 Food was good and we tried several different restaurants.
Nice relaxing stay.
The only complaint is that you have to pay for your room internet.
Not very happy about that but did connect in free areas easily.
Amazing and great place to stay.
 Will surely comeback here! The value for the services, rooms and ambiance is worth it.
The staffs are nice and accommodating.
The place is clean, peaceful and romantic (for couples).
Meals at the restaurant are many but kinda pricey.
 
This is a clean, hospitable hotel with friendly, accomodating staff and quality food.
 The location is excellent and I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who simply wants a relaxing holiday.
Congratulations to staff management for their honest attempts to meet our needs.
Well done.
Excellent experience.
 Celebrated Nyepi which was a unique experience.
The sports facilities were good.
The pool was great.
The beach was quiet and lovely.
The rooms were clean.
Service staff was helpful
Nice hotel and great location in Nusa Dua.
 We stayed at this hotel many years ago and some parts are in need of a facelift.
The breakfast buffet was really amazing and the beach is lovely too.
It would be great if the wifi was available in the rooms for the price that you pay it seems crazy to ask guest to pay another 100,000 rps per day for in room wifi.
In this day and age it is time that it is just rolled into the room price.
The staff made our stay here incredible in every way.
 What amazing people this resort has working for them.
We travelled here from Canada and so for us it was very expensive.
The buffet breakfast was fine but paying on average 40-50 U.S.
dollars for dinner every evening was a little exorbitant, if you like to have a drink or two on your vacation i would not recommend coming here.
An avgerage drink at this resort will cost you 9-10 u.s.
a drink
Spa amazing value had two three hourly treatment every second day.
 Great value purchase luxury escape voucher everything they advertised you got.
Food good.
 Staff extremely helpful and not pushy.
Will purchase voucher deal again.
We celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary staying in the Palace Club Suite.
 The resort is fantastic, thanks to the excellent work by the General Manager and helpful staff, we will definitely go back again.
We're family traveler with two boys and strong fans of Nusa Dua.
 We go to the beach more often than amusement parks.
I've stayed in this hotel for so many times, probably this is my 11th times.
And I enjoy staying at different hotels each time.
This time, we stayed six nights in three hotels: Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, Westin, and Sofitel.
As the first hotel in the Nusa Dua area; for me, it has the most authentic Bali feeling.
 The statue, the praying area, carved wooden ornaments.
It has more of these things than the other hotels.
This is a plus in my book.
Fyi, the "Bali feels" is not luxury by all means, but has the culture built into it.
All other stuffs are pretty standard, neither praise nor complaints.
Except the price is a bit pricey compare to the other hotels like Westin, and even pricier Sofitel.
This hotel does give you free wifi with a speed on about 10mbs and free press reader downloads during your stay.
The room has been renovated few years ago but they do need to keep the bed sheet cleaner.
Same thing with the floor.
It should've been cleaner like the other hotels.
I've got the price where it is only $6 different than the Westin.
 Imho, either the Westin has a good value, or Nusa Dua Beach is too pricey.
It's difficult to decide which is better among the four: Nusa Dua Beach, Westin, Laguna, and Melia.
It all depends on your own preferences.
The points are more like:
Nusa Dua Beach: Landscape, Bali feels, Friendliness.
 BUT bit pricey
Westin: Luxurious newer room, nice bed, room cleanliness BUT rude staffs in the pool area and pool bar only
Laguna: Quiet, BUT too quiet for some (my kids are too noisy there)
Melia: Fun, Livelier BUT tired room and beds (back pain for me).
For now, I'll either stay at Nusa Dua Beach hotel or Westin.
A dream holiday amazing destination friendly staff would go back tomorrow 
 
 Beautiful location excellent service beautiful beach location large selection of food for breakfast dining room in beautiful setting 
 
Value for money beautiful surroundings luxury & peace no one harassing you staff help you if you need something r have an enquiry you don't have to be rich to enjoy this just accept that you deserve a lovely place 
 
 
This not this hotel did not exceed to my expectations.
 It was a really High price for The slow service, average food and bad tasting drinks, and we vad not very manu choices when it came to food either
Service and location was perfect.
 Overall we were extremely happy with the Palace Club facility, but the routine became a little boring.
Hotel could do with some maintenance, but overall a great stay.
 
We found the staff extremely well trained and obliging.
 Hotel itself was very clean & well maintained.
I feel there could have been a greater variation in food choice as we ate at the hotel all the time.
There was construction of another restaurant so this may have contributed to the limited menu around the pool area & beach! 
Otherwise overall a wonderfull place to stay
!
We could not fault every aspect of the holiday.
 it surpassed my expectations.
I loved the spa treatment and the daily beach yoga class was fantastic .
We arrived there very much in need of nurturing and a stress free holiday and this was achieved.
The staff in particular were just so friendly.
I think it would be a wonderful place to have a commitment ceremony or a renewal of vows.
i hope to be able to promote this as I think it would be very special.
This holiday was also to celebrate our 10 th wedding anniversary but we won't be waiting 10 years to return!
Everything was just perfect- beautiful location - v nice restauraunt.
 In short it was mind blowing.
The only problem was the size of the bathroom.
It should be little bit big with the glass or the curtains long enough to stop the water going outside.
We loved our stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The accommodations were superb, although at times, we felt the room could have been a bit cooler, particularly during our sleep time.
The grounds are beautiful and so well maintained - a true oasis.
The spa treatment was so relaxing and luxuriating.
And, the best of all, the wonderful breakfast buffet filled with so many delightful and tasty choices - an abundance for any palate.
Try it, you will like it!!
As soon as you get off the plane, the hotel greets you with a smile and a welcome.
 Our driver to Nusa Dua was very friendly and talkative, and it was a great start to the trip.
Once we arrived, we were taken to our room which was lovely - probably a little smaller than I thought but very clean and modern.
I have to say the staff here are easily the best I've ever had the pleasure to meet at any hospitality organisation - every single staff member greets you with a smile and loved to have a chat.
 The kids club was fantastic and nothing was too hard.
I once saw a tired mother with son who had fallen asleep in his chair - the staff offered to wheel the whole dinner to their room for no extra charge.
On a number of occasions the staff packaged meals for me to take back when my wife fell ill.
The facilities are great - breakfast is literally everything you'd ever want to eat.
 The pools are clean and warm, 24/7.
The beach is beautiful, clean and hawker free.
Tons of facilities, bikes to hire, and staff everywhere offering to help.
The hotel itself is gorgeous and grand - it lights up at night and honestly looks like a postcard.
The wifi is surprisingly fast and fantastic - it was free and covered the entire grounds.
No download or time limits.
Just perfect.
HBO on TV too!
We had a wonderful time at Nusa Dua and it was due to the amazing effort this hotel made to ensure we had a great time.
 I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone.
Check in took us over one hour, we found the reception staff had a problem understanding us with our reguest.
I feel the hotel needs a staff member at reception who speaks and undrestands the english language so they can communicate with there guests.
With our package we had the option of upgrading to a premier room at the extra cost of $200.
00 AUD wich entitled us to a $150.00 US room credit to be spent on food beverage or spa during our stay.
 It took over 24 hours for the request to be understood and put into place.
 
Hotel setting and facility was very good,staff else where in other departments of hotel were exelent and always very helpfull.
Dinning areas for breakfast was exelent and resturants were also very good.
Rooms are well used and worn but aceptable,on the otherhand the bathroom and shower clenliness was not acceptilble, we had lots of mould on the shower walls and floor annd asked the house keeping dept to come and clean on several occations untill we felt they were acceptable but not excelent.
After getting over our few hurdles we had a great time and are happy to say that we are planning a family holiday next year with a group of 16.
 
I feel if the hotel staff can get over this communication problem at the arrival dept and rectify the problem with bathrooms, it will make this hotel a great place for the perfect holiyday.
 
There is little or no variety in the breakfast menu.
 The hotel should have planned for at least a week of rotatory menu, so that guests have always something to look forward to.
Information counter staff was very helpful in getting us a baby sitter during nyepi so that my wife and I could go for our spa, kudos to her.
 
First time of staying at this hotel after many trips to Bali.
 The staff are truly amazing.
The overall holiday was a lovely experience.
Every restaurant offered wonderful food and wine with friendly staff.
 We will defiantly be back.
Large spacious rooms, clean bathrooms with excellent appointments.
 Staff were very friendly and helpful and the general atmosphere is one of welcome and calmness.
Food in the restaurants was tasty.
Lovely 
 
Beautiful traditional Balinese hotel.
 We had a lovely relaxing holiday.
The staff were friendly and efficient, always a nice smile.
Fantastic facilities,awesome lap pool and gym.Nice clean beach.
Very nice breakfasts, good variety of fresh fruit and vegetables.
The external hotel restaurants were, we feel were below average.Our room was great, very spacious and comfortable with two TVs and two bathrooms.
Perhaps to be over critical, the bathroom and shower needed a good scrub.
Absolutely amazing service and resort has everything we wanted for our stay.
 The staff were exceptional from check in to check out.
On arrival (late at night) we checked in, but when we got to our room we were not happy with what we booked, so we enquired about upgrading and for an additional US$50 per night we were upgraded to a Palace suite and absolutely loved it.
The Suite was enormous and breakfasts in thye Palace club was fantastic, as were the cocktails in the afternoon.
The conciege was very helpful and efficient in organising additional golf game at the New Bali Golf club.
The staff at this resort were fantastic throughout and the swim up bar was also well used.
While the hotel is starting to show it's age in some respects it was still a fantastic experience and we would highly recommend this resort.
This is the first time I have ever stayed in a hotel where you didn't have music booming out, or excessive noise of any kind from the beach, to the pool and the public bars and restaurants, it was shear heaven.
 The hotel is situated right on the beach which is reached through very well maintained luscious gardens.
Everything about this hotel from its location through to the rooms and its public areas are fantastic.
The staff can't do enough for you.
The food is also at a very high level from any of its 5 restaurants.
The only thing I could fault it for was that there was no free wifi in the bedroom, but it was free from any other part of the hotel including the pool and beach area.
I was in room 4201 which was a family room.
The hotel has been there for over 30 years, but looking at all the décor you would believe it, all very modern and clean I would have thought it had only been there for the past 5 years.
There is a free courtesy bus that runs from the hotel on the hour to the nearby Bali Centre, which is a small modern shopping Mall with outside shops, restaurants and shops, well worth a visit..
This is a very beautiful accommodation with a very nice beach.
 The place is clean and every single staff is nice and duty full.
Most parts of the hotel are stylish and attractive.
We stayed for nine days and enjoyed it.
There are some important negatives about it.
1- The price of food compare to good restaurants in Bali is really expensive and that is leaving a bad taste in the mouth.
2- The price of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks is ridiculously high.
 A can of diet coke is charged ten times of price of it in the shops.
3- You never get a drink properly cold.
 
4- The hotel management is obsessed with imposing restrictions.
 You can’t swim in the pool after evening, you can’t swim in the public owned see after evening and hotels very vigilant security guards would shout at you.
They even objected us to take picture from sky near to the Public beach on local New Year eve.
5- There are many restaurants and bars next to the swimming pool which making the area busy and unattractive for shy guests.
 
An amazing resort with the most welcoming and helpful staff.
 A beautiful hotel amongst amazing surroundings.
Buffet breakfast which is set by the most tranquil pond.
An amazing pool and swim up bar with bars set around the pool aswell.
I have not been to a cleaner beach in bali, raked every morning so the sand is just perfect to watch the sunrise.
Along with massages available for a relaxing time in the sun.
This is definately a hotel that I will return to, absolutely no complaints its just perfect.
And the spa WOW, the most amazing treatments available for any type of day spa treatments.
This is our 2nd time to stay at Nusa Dua Beach hotel.
 We love room 4201 during our stay because it has a separate room for kids.
We love free facilities of sauna & jacuzzi also yoga & ice / fruit demo.
I stayed at this Hotel in March 2015.
 This property is a tad old, but well kept and mostly clean.
Here are some pros: 
- Some staff are super nice and friendly (some are not, however).
 I booked the Hotel with the help of Ms.
Kadek Dwi Ariani, who has been very helpful with all the questions and requests.
- Rooms are clean and there are many options available (1 bed, 2 beds, 3 beds, bunk beds).
 The only thing regrettable about the rooms is that some of them do not have bath tub and the drainage is a bit poorly constructed.
- Many restaurant options and the beach as well as the view are breath taking.
 
- Excellent spa service at the Hotel (very convenient).
 
To sum up this is a perfect Hotel for family vacation (and for pampering yourself).
 Would definitely love to come back .
-
A big THANK YOU to the lovely staff at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
..Especially to the senior manager Dermott for looking after our young family when we stayed recently in late February.
Your Customer care was outstanding and you all went beyond our expectations to make our visit to your resort one that we will never forget.
..I have nothing but praise for all your efforts and will definitely be back for another relaxing holiday at your resort.
Best Wishes.
..Justin Bennett
Our Fourth stay at this hotel.
 The time before this, we stayed at another hotel close by, but returned to this one as we like it better.
A great place to end a holiday after Kuta.
Wish we could be here more often.
I love Bali and while Nusa Dua is a little engineered you can't help but loving it.
 Beautiful location, fully appointed, quintessential Bali and the spa is off the hook.
Just wish I had more time to use it.
There is nothing this place doesn’t have, yet, inside your room you will see maintenance issues everywhere.
 Mosquitoes will fly in from the gaps in your balcony door, and you will see accumulated dust and a bit of cobweb at far corners (Its ok if it doesn’t bother you, cause besides the mosquito, considering the room size is big, and ceiling is high, it will not come in your way of a great sleep).
I didn’t get to use the spa as I was there for a conference and had no time for any extra curriculars.
Fruit selection in breakfast spread could have been way better, and really leaves something which can be improved asap.
The beach is not wow, and its more like a bay, as the waves break really far away from the hotel.
So if you are coming for a great beach vacation, i may recommend to book a hotel away from this stretch which includes Westin and this property.
Check in and Check out was very smooth- under 5 mins.
We had the most excellent time whilst celebrating my wife's birthday.
 Flowers delivered to our room and a beautiful birthday cake and staff singing happy birthday at the Fire Dance Dinner, such excellent personal touches.
The staff are amazing and so friendly and helpful whilst maintaining professional standards.
I would definitely recommend paying the extra for the Palace Club which was exceptional.
The gardens are magnificent and everything is very well maintained we would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.
Would prefer more privacy for the bathroom in the room when staying with friends - can be noisy when using the bathroom while others sleep
 Pool fabulous.
 Staff amazing Environment perfect.
Transfers to airport etc great 
This is how i define a fine Bali hotel.
 The atmosphere is peaceful and tranquil, because of the Balinese touch in building and ornament, perhaps.
The best from this hotel is a long plain white sand beach to enjoy, eyes pleasing.
 
The staffs are very friendly.
 The room's clean and cozy.
They provide abundant food on breakfast time, i like it! We can have breakfast with nice Balinese garden view.
 Just like in paradise.
We were disappointed with our initial room (I'd say 2 star)at this hotel and felt bad to complain as the staff were so lovely.
 We were moved to another room which was a bit nicer then a couple of days later they moved us again and that room was better again (I'd say 4 star).
The Resort itself is a great concept just in need of renovation as it is a bit dated.
Breakfast was nice and there are a few restaurants to choose from in the resort.
If you walk to the beach you can get cheap massages or use the day spa if you want that spa treatment, staff there were just lovely! You will need to get a good lounge by the pool early as these get taken quickly and most stay around there all day.
Good kids pool too! Double check your final bill as we had expenses on there that were not ours and when sorting this out a man overheard us and told us the same thing happened to him.
Feel bad giving this review but wish I had done better research before booking! Would not stay here again would stay at Mulia!
i was not feeling well during my stay and i want to thank the friendly and helpful clinic staff who assisted me.
 thanks also to the manager who also provided transportation from Westin back to the hotel when i got sick.
generally staff are all courteous and friendly.
indeed a quiet place and nature friendly.
 
 
 
We had a very relaxing and enjoyable stay in Nusa Dua.
 The location is excellent, the facilities very good, gardens immaculate and the staff very friendly and helpful.
We will be back for more.
Can't wait.
100% recommend paying the extra for a Palace Club stay, we had a suite which was lovely.
The hotel is like heaven! The pool is amazing & the service around it (and the pool bar) was fast & reliable.
 
Highly Highly recommended
 
This is our second stay at this resort and again we have been given a wonderful experience.
 For those who want a relaxing no hassle holiday this is the place.
We stayed in a Palace club suite which was very large and spacious.
Sadyana a manager in the Palace club was easy to talk to and a very happy person, all the staff are in the resort are very friendly.
Having a few days of rain led us to find the games room which is situated above the gym.
The gardens and grounds are very well kept.
The gym is very clean and has up to date equipment.
While we were there we celebrated our wedding anniversary we were treated with flowers, champagne rose petals.
If wanting a meal a little cheaper hope on the bus which goes every hour and head to Bali Collection but remember the bus does not go at 12 and 6 as its meal time.
Hint- do not take any scratchies from the locals who claim they are not selling anything.
Overall we had another wonderful time and cant wait to go back.
Wonderful and relaxing stay.
 Staff are very friendly and accomodating to our requests.
We will surely be back again to stay.
Breakfast by the ponds was our highlight.
Food just wonderful in all venues.
Our holiday was all that we could wish, Very helpful staff who went out of their way to accommodate our needs.
 
Spa and massage facilities excellent as was the food.
The rooms were kept clean at all times.
 
 
 
 
 
We bought an Our Deal offer for 8 nights with inclusions and absolutely loved nothing at all to complain about it! I loved that I could sit at the chess bar and watch my kids swim in the pool and watch husband out surfing in the ocean! Staff were fab, my son tore his toenail off and the dr was called after hours to the I site clinic he was there within 20 minutes and a total of $67 for an injection and dressings! We were invited for a cocktail party which included drinks and food and it was absolutely lovely! Loved it and will def go back!
Fabulous Hotel in a wonderful setting.
 All our needs were met and it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
The room we were given did not have a bath so we were given a larger room in the same price category with a sea view and a larger bathroom, so we were delighted.
The hotel restaurant's were excellent.
Lovely pools and gorgeous beach.
Very attentive friendly staff.
Came on a luxury holiday escape package and could not be happier.
 This place is amazing great location.
The staff are amazing especially in the palace club.
With some packages you are treated differently not here .i have never reviewed before but felt I had to say how wonderful this place is .
Wishi had.
Bought more packages will definitely be returning .
Our second visit to this beautiful hotel.
 We enjoy the relaxing atmosphere.
The staff are very friendly and helpful.
The gardens, Spa and swimming pools are very well presented and enduce a peaceful aura of relaxation..
Definately will be back for another visit.
Highly recommended
A very good place to stay and rest with family.
 The sea was clean and calm, most of the time spent on the beach.
The food is also good in all restaurants, if it seems costly there is a Bali Collection place with lots of cheaper restaurants nearby within 15 mins of walk.
Squirrels are awesome! Daugther was overwelmed by feeding them with nuts on our balcony and on the beach.
 There are lots of them!
Loved the resort pools, beach, gym, spa, Sandro's pizza restaurant and the buffet breakfast the best.
 Unfortunately though our room was not ready at 3pm check-in, offered voucher at lobby bar.
Went back 20 mins later to inform the guy we were going to get lunch in the resort and the guy didn't remember me.
The room was finally available at 5pm.
Lovely flowers waiting in our room for our anniversary.
One hour later fruit basket and two glasses of bubbly arrived.
One night the ceiling was leaking water, reported it to reception & a guy arrived with 3 bottles of water for us.
Showed him the leaking roof and he arranged a guy to fix it.
Later that day the roof started leaking again and the guy came back to fix the leak.
Problem rectified the second time.
On check out we had our bags collected at 11pm.
One hour later when we requested our bags to go to the airport the staff had trouble finding our bags and sent someone to look in our room, even though we told them that had already been picked up.
I asked to check in the store room and found our 2 bags sitting in the middle of the floor.
The Hotel has the potential to be a world class hotel but sadly falls short.
 The location is idealic and my first impression was very good.
I paid extra to stay in the Palace Club rooms, but it was NOT worth the money I paid each night of almost $400.
(It was supposed to have a 24hr Butler service but this was not the case).
THE POSITIVES: The staff in the Palace Club (during the day) especially Dian, (who was my saviour), were wonderful.
 Nothing was ever too much trouble for Dian and she assisted me with everything I needed, she is truly and asset to this Hotel as is the AM Sadnyana, he also went out of his way to ensure I was comfortable.
THE NEGATIVES: The biggest concern I had during my stay was that barely anyone could understand English.
 I did NOT expect this.
It became very upsetting and spoilt my stay greatly.
Simple things like ordering room service or calling reception were next to impossible to get any one to understand.
I spoke with many guests during my stay and they also found the same thing.
I had to change rooms as the shower and the fridge in my first room were not working, again trying to explain this was horrendous.
Maintenance men were coming in and out and finally had to get in the shower and open all the holes in the shower head as they were all broken and the fridge thermostat was broken.
My biggest concern was if I was unwell and called for help no one would understand and that frightened me so much that I wanted to leave the Hotel and find another one or go home.
I asked to speak to the Hotel Manager and he promply came to speak to me, he was very kind and moved me to another beautiful room but sadly he did not follow up the rest of the time with me to see how things had been going and I had further trouble in the new room and it took several hours to make it understood that the alarm clock was set to 5am and kept waking me up and I could not turn it off.
After many different maintenace men coming into the room and not understanding finally at midnight a Manager came and realised it was broken and had it replaced but it had completely ruined my night as I could not relax and I was very upset as this was not the first time I spent hours sorting out maintenance issues.
The renovations were also very disruptive and woke me up most mornings and I could not sit out on the balcony without hearing the noise.
I do not know if I would stay at this Hotel again as it was not worth the money I paid, but there is certainly potential!!!
Loved every minute at this beautiful hotel, staff were so friendly and helpful and the massages are to die for! Great for families if your not wanting to stay in busy kuta.
 Only thing a little disappointing was the food selection.
Far from the Centeral Bali which is Kuta but a nice Hotel Resort on the Beach and amazing Getaway.
 Relaxing ! THe Pool and the Beach Dinning experience made it even better.
If you are in Bali and need to slightly far from Centeral area nice place to be.
 All the better resorts and good hotels in this area which is new developed.
A most idyllic resort.
 Friendly informative reception-Superb cuisines, relaxing atmosphere and excellent service.
Not a thing to criticize.
More than highly recommend.
Close to airport and cruise port.
 
This property is very old now and even the refurbished rooms feel dated and shabby.
 
The hotel staff do try but they don't have much to work with in terms of quality of rooms or the food.
 The only place with decent food is their Raja restaurant.
Great R&R location and far from the madding crowd, The adjacent beach strip both North and South continually improves with more peer group establishments.
 
However the Palace Club team provide exceptional service and make it hard to think about staying anywhere else,
Will be back later in the year.
Will see you all later this year,
 
 
I had my bestest holiday getaway with Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 Lovely atmosphere, warm staff, everybody so sweet and helpful.
The ambience was amazing and our room for the honeymoon couple suite was very well looked after.
We had access to the private beach and few restaurants located inside the hotel.
 daily lavinsh breakfats spread and 3 hours long spa and facial was an icing on the cake.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in this hotel and never wanted to leave from there.
 So beautiful experience and value for money, that I would love to come to bali every year just to stay in this hotel :)
We went there for honeymoon in Nov mid and I find this place amazingly beautiful.
 we received warm welcome at reception and room was also decorated for the special occasion.
We got complimentary wine and fruits in evening as well.
Though the beaches were terribly hot in day time it was pleasant in night.
In night, resort lightings made our mood romantic.
It is advice to the travellers that if you don't like resort's food then there is no option nearby as well! We tried to went outside for some romantic place for dinner but it was all in vain.
Resort restaurants are quite expensive.
Also make sure you are not hiring any cab from Hotel as it is almost twice or thrice the cost available outside.
Just walk down 200-300m from resort and you will find can stand from where you can bargain up to 60-70%.
Bargain is must in BALI in everything.
Resort amenities and ambience are both worth mentioning.
Rooms were very clean and staff was courteous enough to quickly respond to any help.
I couldn't pick a thing! May be more entertainment otherwise perfect! It was my first time in bali and it was great to escape husle into our little paradise.
 We enjoyed our monday night the most dinner and show in the outdoor theatre was like a dream !
 
Our family (two adults, two kids) loved the hotel and atmosphere.
 The service was great with one exception: when we checked in second room of ours was not ready.
It was cleaned and otherwise ready but it seemed an employee of the hotel has used the room: there was half eaten fruits on the table and clearly someone has been taken naps in the bed.
The luggage boy was very sorry and asked us to wait in the kids room while they are cleaning the room.
But it took one and half hour to clean it and we were very tired after travelling.
And we didn't get any compensation, just apologies.
But otherwise our seven days staying in Nusa Dua beach hotel was very satisfying.
Great resort with all the facilities you need and in a true Balinese style.
 Stayed in the Palace Club with was amazing and definitely worth the upgrade.
Staff were lovely and always helpful.
Only downside is the slipery-ness of the floors in the guest rooms.
Whilst it looks amazing, we did slip a few times as its so polished! But would stay here again and recommend to anyone travelling to Nusa Dua
Overwhelming in all respects.
With the sole exception of a lack of clear identification of the location of our room, there was nothing that we could fault, from the time we were collected at the airport, until we checked out.
All, repeat all, of the staff that we came into contact with, were courteous and helpful.
Definitely worth a stay! Top service, breakfast and a lovely hotel.
 Not anything to do or to eat outside the hotel (if your not driving), and the beach was ok! But I will definitely recommend it to my friends!
This is our second time staying in this hotel, once again we enjoyed a great time here.
 Styaffs are freindly, fun pools for my two little ones.
My little girl loves sitting at the pool bar drinking coke( which she is not allowed normally).
Everyafternoon, while our 20months son goes to sleep, our 4 year old daughter will go to the kids centre for some art craft activities.
They both enjoyed feeding the fishes, squirrels, birds, ducks...
The only draw back is the air con in is a bit noisy.
I like this hotel as it is very clean and with nice beach and view.
 However, the only regret was the raining when we spent the day in the hotel...
But I will choose this hotel again if I have another chance to come.
The property is very well kept it is tropical with with beautiful gardens with streams , waterfalls, ducks, squirells and the architecture is amazing.
 All the management and staff were very professional, and caring considering that I was meant to go with my husband and due to unforseen circumstances went alone .
They went out of their way to accomodate me and make me happy!They were very caring I was allocated a room with a shower and moved me to one with a bath when I requested it.
They have entertainment almost every night and the food is high quality and delicious.
 I am going back before the end of the year and would highly commend the Hotel to anyone who likes to be right on the beach.I also enjoyed the sea there as there are parts of Bali that one cannot swim in the sea at the resorts.
Was there on our 12th Honeymoon.
 Nothing can say about accommodation which was absolutely great.
Great atmosphere to enjoy.
Best choices of restaurants with great delicacies and theme dinner.
The staff was very friendly,helpful and professional.
Friendly resort for both families and couple.
Highly recommended.
Had ten days at Nusa Dua and enjoyed every minute staff are wonderful nothing is too much trouble,breakfast is excellent and varied,grounds are immaculate .
If I had to nitpick I would say the room was a bit tired and the heavy wardrobe doors would slide back and nearly take your fingers off but overall a lovely hotel in a beautiful area with a nice beach and wonderful staff.
We haven't even finished our holiday here yet and feel compelled to write something! We are having the most beautiful, relaxed time.
 We are on night 3 out of 11 and have many good things to say about the hotel....
First, the staff are just gorgeous.
 They are friendly, very polite, have a great sense of humour, helpful and so eager to go above and beyond to ensure guests are well taken care of.
A special mention goes to Yoga who works at The Chess Bar.
 He remembers our names and what we like to drink and is excellent at his job.
He is genuinely interested in people and cares about the quality of our holiday, making suggestions and recommending various places of interest.
10/10 to you, Yoga! Thank you for contributing to our relaxing time away!
Second, the resort itself is very comfortable, extremely clean (staff constantly working to keep it clean) and the ambience is very relaxing.
 It's therapeutic just to sit by the pool, near the beach, in the gardens, or listening to the beautiful singers in the evening by the bar......there is simply no room here for stress, worry or concerns.
Third, the food is delicious.
 Starting with buffet breakfast, there is a nice range to choose from without being overwhelming, I particularly love the omlettes made to order and crepes.
The tropical fruits sourced locally are amazing.
Jackfruit is my new found favourite fruit, but also the guava, mango and sourstrop are a delight to the tastebuds.
We have found that breakfast keeps us going until dinner.
The variety of food on offer is good and we have not been disappointed.
Servings are sufficient to be satisfying.
We are yet to attend the three dance shows/buffet dinners, so we can't comment on those yet, but expect nothing less than excellence!
The cost of food and drinks in the resort is a little pricey for what we would have expected to pay in Bali.
 We cannot comment yet as to whether there are good restaurants out of the resort precinct that are easily accessible, which may be an option if wanting to spend less on food or drinks, however, in saying that, this minor critique has not in any way dampened our holiday or diminished the quality of our stay here.
It is disappointing to read some negative comments on trip advisor about Nusa Dua Hotel.
 Perhaps some people are used to high end luxury that we have only some experience of and are making comparisons in that way, or perhaps some people can just never be happy and must find something to complain about.
I don't know, but the minor complaints I've noticed people mention here, I haven't even noticed.
I guess some people are just impossible to please.....
We love it here and highly recommend Nusa Dua Resort to anyone who needs a break away.
PS.
..
As a professional singer, the harmonies these three fellas are singing at The Chess Bar are just magic!
This is by far the best Hotel in Bali 
The GM Mr Klee definitely knows how to look after each and every guest the Director of sales Rubi
Is flawless.
 The staff so kind and friendly .
The food and service Manager goes beyond the call of duty and all the other Mangers and staff are so helpful a huge huge thankyou, I have had so much stress in my life, your kindness empathy has truely brought me to tears.
Your hotel is definitely 5 star but to me the staff rate 10 stars, I am tearing up just writing this review on your beautiful hotel.
From the people that clean our room to the front line staff all so efficient with beautiful smiles .
 ThankYou so so much for making my stay such a beautiful experience .
To all who helped organise my 50th Birthday ThankYou so so much , sad as the day was for me due to my daughter being unwell.
I will treasure what you beautiful people did for me .
Mr Klee and Rubi I owe you both so so much for all your kindness and empathy .
.
I do hope the owner of this beauful resort reads this as he should be so proud of the staff he has hired.
Not only do they do a fantastic job, but they go way beyond the call of duty and they did that with me .
I cannot recommend this hotel enough to people as it is world class.
So professional so flawless ThankYou everyone I was blessed this week 
Kind Regards 
Jennifer Solomons .
Very good beach, service, shows and the complex is really fantastic.
 The restaurant for breakfast has a wonderful lake, the lobby is beautifull, a theater in the middle of the complex where you can take diners with shows, a bar on the beach with live music.
I reccomend it
The hotel carries a balinese feel.
 Most decor n room furnishings are wood crafted.
Grounds are very clean, neat n tidy.
Highly recommend Raja's restaurant.
Excellent Balinese food with a twist.
Only disappointment is the Spa.
The Spa is located in a superb surrounding with a nice isolated pool away from main building.
The therapist tho lacks training.
Very mediocre...
very average...
below average.
We have travelled around the world the past 20 years and rate our stay at Nusa Dua Beach Resort one of our most memorable.
I strongly recommend upgrading to The Palace Club as the privacy and service was excellent.
All staff in the club were very caring and helpful, particularly Nona and Nyoman.
 The club offers great value for the money spent upgrading.
Ron and Annette .
We have just enjoyed a lovely all inclusive 7 day luxury escape at NDBH&S in a Premier Room.
 Beach is better than others in Bali, grounds are immaculate and nothing too difficult for the staff.
Will come back!
If you're looking for somewhere to just kick back and relax - look no further.
 This resort is one of the first established but still holds its own in both facilities and definitely price compared to some of its rich cousins along the famous Nusa Dua 'millionaires row'.
The rooms are well appointed and comfortable and we would recommend getting one overlooking the pool/beach area as this is the heart of the resort.
But surely staying in a resort isn't about your room, right? A room is for sleeping and the rest of the resort is for playing! Some great restaurant options, two fantastic pools and a beautiful beach - all a few steps from your bed...
that's the beauty of this resort.
The staff a wonderful which is the icing on the cake.
Our day consisted of feasting on the great breakfast, down to a deck chair at the beach for the wonderful views and a swim at high tide, lunch on the beach or beside the pool, then back to a deck chair at the pool for happy hour (which goes for three hours).
Dinner at the resort or venture outside the gates to a place like The Tavern when you're ready or if you care.
A highlight of this resort is the wonderful pool bar - does life get more relaxing than sitting on a chair waist deep in water enjoying a beer or cocktail and simply plunging back for a swim to cool off every now and then.
We met some great people as well which only enhanced the experience.
Spa massages were great and just added to the relaxation factor! Great path along the front of all the resorts allows you to get a little exercise each morning - if you want! We took the Luxury Escapes package and it was great value.
Will everything go smoothly on your stay - nah, this is Bali.
Will you leave relaxed and satisfied overall - absolutely.
Well done Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
Thanks for a great stay and we will be recommending you to anyone who asks!
Brilliant.
Whilst the breakfast bar and buffet were overcrowded the rest of the facility was great.
 Good service, good amenities and a couple of first class restaurants.
The ability to work whilst away from the office was also a bonus.
Thanks
we have stayed many times as palace club guests at the resort and just love the place.
 We stayed 10 days and every day was a delight.
The staff are very attentive and accommodating, nothing is too much trouble and we always feel very welcome.
(We look forward already to our return )
The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable with a great atmosphere and the grounds are delightful and beautifully maintained.
Only complaint we would have is that the pool is a bit warm , but that's out of their hands.
We highly recommend the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for a peaceful, relaxing,enjoyable holiday .
Excellent value for a beach side resort in this area.
 Great open-air common areas, nice room for the money and good overall facilities.
Restaurants were a bit pricey, but good quality food overall.
Beach was well maintained, but quite a bit of seaweed, so not that great during low tide.
Service was good, although I was a bit annoyed that they wanted us to pay for a late checkout; after a one-week stay and a generous tab that we'd run up I think they could have spotted us the room as a general 'thanks'...
the place was not booked up.
Couple of minor complaints: the pools close down at 7 pm (not sure why) and the concierge was not very helpful in helping use determine restaurants to go to in the surrounding area.
This was a very enjoyable experience.
 The Nusa Dua area is a tourist precinct that retains a lot of the true Balinese spirit - friendly helpful staff and a truly relaxing ambience.
You can as we did, use this as a base for day trips to all parts of the island and then as a welcome respite after travelling through the absolutely chaotic but slow traffic - there are no shot cuts or quick routes to anywhere in Bali ! or you can while away the days poolside and on the beach.
There is an excellent spa and exercise centre - air conditioned of course and again the staff are very helpful and friendly.
we stayed for six nights at the end of January in two adjoining rooms , not overly spacious but had enough storage and bathrooms great, pools are lovely with plenty of space and sunbeds ,Breakfast is great with good selection but other restaurants a bit of a disappointment with not a great choice and average quality for the cost, we used the gym and the spa pool also the early morning yoga which was a great experience, Wifi was good around the hotel 
I was also disappointed in the customer service as we accidently left some things in the room which they said they never found
We booked a family deluxe room which were two inter connecting rooms.
 very satisfactory for adults and kids.
The rooms and bathrooms were in need of updating, "tired," the expression others have used.
There was only one chair to sit on so television was watched from a very comfortable bed and wonderful pillows.
There were two chairs on a rather squashy balcony which were a bit grubby and often wet from heavy showers.
We had no curtains in the main bedroom so the morning light streamed in very early but I rang house-keeping to ask if the curtains could be put up again and they promptly arrived although only one curtain was available but it helped,Ok apart from those few negative observations it is a lovely resort in a perfect position on the beach.
plenty of lounges, (needing wiped down by staff, but never happened!)under shady trees and umbrellas,The staff are delightful, helpful and courteous.The tropical gardens are beautiful and well maintained as are the lovely Balinese public areas.The Gecko kids club lacks a little enthusiasm from some of the helpers, at times.
Breakfast was ample but never varied for the nine days we were there.
We had one theme dinner , The Fire Dancers, were brilliant but not so the buffet meal.
Nusa Dua is a peaceful area and the Resort a good choice for a family holiday
23 years ago whilst travelling to New Zealand with my mother-in-law, we stopped at the Nusa Dua fBeach Hotel or an overnight break.
 Our time in Bali left a lasting impression on my mother-in-law that during a return trip to New Zealand this year we decided to revisit Bali as a surprise for her.
Naturally there was only one place we would stay.
The friendlyness of the staff complete with their devotion to serving their guests made for a very enjoyable stay.
 It was worth the extra expense staying in the Royal club, which provided a welcome haven.
Breakfast watching the ducks, squirrels, monitor lizards and other wildlife was so relaxing and provided calming oasis that was so much needed.
The afternoon tea and evening cocktails were an added bonus as was the free Balineese massage and a cultural evening, which turning out to be an incredible sea-food BBQ.
Nice resort.
 Good location.
We had a premier room which was lovely and short walk to pool.
Unfortunately they are undergoing building works when we stayed there (end ofbFeb 2015) around the main pool and the noise was a bit of a nuisance if you plan to sit around or eat lunch by the pool during the day.
Just returned from a four day stay at this magnificent Hotel.
 From check-in so efficiently taken care of by Ms.Dian to departure where we wished a safe travel home by the Assistant Manager, our stay was one we will treasure.
We upgraded to Club Lounge which I thoroughly recommend for the small extra charge.
All the staff at Club Lounge were exceptional and a pleasure to meet.
The Hotel is set in beautiful extensive grounds with a private beach, several pools etc.
etc.
We met the Manager at a small cocktail party, he was most charming and must be commended for running this Hotel to perfection.
We were very sad to say good-bye to this Hotel and its wonderful staff.
The facilities are excellent.
 This is our second visit and it was outstanding, The spa is one of the best we have experienced.A most relaxing and enjoyable week.
Your staff are very polite and most attentive, especially in the Palace Club.
This was the second time we have stayed at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
What can I say but we will return.
 We used the Luxury Escape Voucher, it is great value for money.
The hotel and staff are the best.
It was so good to come home to Nusa Dua after visiting other areas in Bali
Great place to stay, a very couple/family orientated hotel.
 Relaxing environment, staff are very quick to help with any request.
The spa, pool and beach facilities were brilliant.
It was lovely to attend a number of cultural/theatre evenings within the resort.
 It really is a fantastic place to stay.
Environment is good.
 Crew help very much.
Room quite good but can be improve.
Swimming pool already in renovation, what a a shame.
Beach is quite nice.
The wedang jahe restaurant was my favorite.
Keep improve.
It has a separate beach and a large swimming pool.
 And this a resort-style hotel has a variety of restaurants inside.
You can enjoy a meal and soft drinks in the restaurant and then you can be able to spend a romantic time to walk to the beach.
Swimming pool is consist of variously, and It have children's play area, spa system.
So, this hotel is good place to stay with kids and parents.
Our first trip to bali in March 2014.
 We were pleasantly surprised to walk into Nusa Dua hotel and spa and be treated like royalty, we stayed in a palace suite which was beautiful, staff were our favourite in the palace club.
The hotel pools were so clean and staff cleaning the paths and the beach made it pretty all the time.
There is also excellent security, we felt very safe.
Breakfast and the dinner shows with amazing buffets were the best.
Loved it can't wait to come back in June.
We spent 8 days at the Nusa Dua Beach hotel, staying in an ocean view Palace Club suite.
 Our room was very comfortable, the rooms are a little tired and the shower head could do with replacement.
The grounds are immaculate and breakfast each morning at the Palace club was a wonderful way to start the day.
The pools are good , great towels and shade is easy to find.
The Spa was wonderful, the range of services was excellent and quite good value.
The restaurants are OK, Maduro has some tasty food but the Sashimi Chef needs a sharper knife! Dinner on the sand at the Chess Bar was a lot of fun.
One real high point was the staff, wonderfully attentive, polite and very welcoming.
 You don't necessarily get the REAL Bali in the Nusa Dua enclave but what you get is a great base to explore from.
Happy to recommend.
We loved the place, the atmosphere and the facilities.
 The staff are very courteous too.
It's nice to have everything you need at the hotel.
They even have an atm inside the property.
I prefer this hotel than Sofitel which has contemporary design.
The driver who fetched us from the airport and who took us for two day trip was very knowledgeable of Bali and very polite too.
