Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful.
 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby.
This hotel was absolutely amazing! The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great.
 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay. The location was convenient, very easy to get around. We Will definitely be returning 
We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful.
 Great family holiday. Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint. Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful. We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children. Meals were good breakfast was amazing.
Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel.
 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach. 
Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
 Good selection for breakfast as well. Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience.
 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though. Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility.
We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age.
 We had a fabulous time. We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location. The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend.
Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
 Otherwise this place is beautiful.
If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach.
 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again. They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized...
This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
Hopefully with a better room position
Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great. The gardens are beautiful. The palace club is the best! Great experience. Highly recommended.
We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa.
Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews.
Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel.
There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style.
Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment.
However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too.
Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals.
Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same.
Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday.
This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf.
Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus.
Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel.
Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences.
 Friendly, relaxed and great value. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational. Great setting on the beach.
 
 
 
The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better.
 
flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food.
 
swimming pool floor quite slippery.
if possible , free wifi in rooms 
room air con should be more adjustable
more free activities for kids at kid club
 
 
The bathroom smell was awful.
 The room and location itself was perfect. I would like to visit the hotel again. The service was provided well. I loved the beach and the room. I hope you can make it up in the next time
 
The Negatives - 
1.
 prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc. all day! If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere. Electric hammers are so loud and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings.
2.
 Prepare to rise early to get a sunbed. 
3.
 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind. The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price) and the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again). 
Positives -
1.
 Rooms and amenities are clean
2.
 Staff are friendly 
3.
 Location 
The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment - who wants to listen to that every day by the pool !?
Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! The food was good, service excellent, staff were helpful and friendly.
 We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request. We will certainly be returning.
Great value family holiday.
 Wonderful property, friendly staff, very good food and beverage quality and service and overall a wonderful family holiday.
The only points to improve on would be:
1.
 The tiles around the pool are too slippery 
2.
 Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer
I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.
We were there in May.
 The food was fantastic.
The resort was fantastic.
 The privacy was fantastic.
The staff was fantastic most of all there were 2 staff members
that need naming.
 There names were Novi where we had a beautiful 
breakfast every morning.
 Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant.
What 2 beautiful lovely ladies.
 We would love to go back next year.
Well worth every penny.
Michelle
Far North Queensland
Australia
-serving customer with same standard and not otherwise
-local flavours should be encourage to certain extend especially the porridge
-rooms air conditioning to be look into
-good eco property but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard
 
Its a very good hotel, very well located, with friendly and helpfull staff, the facilities are also well.
The decoration and its enviroment,are good and very taken care
Breakfast if the restaurant is full,staff allways get you a table
I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free.
 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter and kids playground not working when we arrived. I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired and areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed. However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back. 
Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!
Large resort, maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams.
 Chess bar staff very helpful advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) and no reservations left at modern Asian. Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! The nut crackers are to die for.
Very good value, except for the hotel restaurants, good but a bit pricey, and the free wifi which is of poor quality.
 
 
otherwise it is great comfort, great value, the breakfast is excellent with good product quality and the staff is great !
 
 
The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close
To a construction site and the A/C was leaking water.
 Besides that, everything was perfect. The Restaurants were fine. But the breakfast was amazing. One of the best in a hotel.