Staying at this hotel made our holiday memorable.
 friendly, helpful staff, nice restaurants, great spa/gym, easy hotel to move around with everything at our finger tips.
We would love to come back and stay.
Beautiful beach resort and one of the oldest in Bali.
I really enjoyed the stay.
The best resort to relax, sunbath, swimming, multi-cuisine food.
 Children would enjoy the beach and swimming pool.
Highly recommend for both business and family/couples
We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations for both quality and value.
 The only issue we had was that there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort.
However we soon worked out ways to get around this.
Overall a fantastic stay
Sensational hotel - as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay and the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special! We will definitely return in the future.
This hotel is a first class experience, we loved the room, the view and the service was emaculate.
 The beach close to most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish..so enjoyed most of our days on the beach and in the water.
We also try the diving course at Tanjung Benoa.
The reef so colourful, still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes.
At last we took a journey to the other side of Bali at beautiful Jimbaran Bay.
We found this place on the internet ( http://www.suprentalbali.com/stand-up-paddle ) as my wife wanted to try Stand Up Paddle for the first time. Great sport, a lot of fun, lovely people. Was a great great holiday, Love bali so much.
Booked through a company that had advertised the palace upgrade as adults only, but it was in fact a place children were allowed.
 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time, the management was not interested in responding to our feedback.
Drinks were really expensive food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic, other options were poor.
Extremely well maintained property.
 Very freindly staff.
Was travelling with my daughter aged 1.10 so based my decision on other reviews.
Was not disappointed at all.
The property is huge with different sections based on your needs.
 Breakfast spread was very large with a variety of options.
Tried all the in house restaurants - food was well prepared.
A lot of other dining options if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.
Beach play with my daughter was the best part.
 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta the beach seemed very private and maintained.
Security is not a concern anywhere across the property.
The lap pool was my favourite - just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree.
We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small but the balcony helped.
 After all we were there to be outside the room most of the time.
There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel which was helpful.
 The shops inside sell very unique things.
A must stay if you are planning a good time with family.
Love the smile and good customer service.
 Staffs are very friendly and make me feel warm and welcome.
Room is spacious and comfortable.
Food very nice too.
Only shortage is kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu.
Other than, yes, definitely will recommended to friend.
Room was a little smaller than we thought - service was great - variety of food available.
 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind but it seems that the people were not returning to them.
Maybe collection of unused towels more often would allow others to use facilities.
Amazing place.
 Been here twice and will again.
Only downfall is the kids club, not overly welcoming and tucked away inside.
All inclusive package is great value however per night price is a little pricey.
Overall loved our stay and our kids made great friends!
From the testimony that I read before I go to nusa dua I had pretty high expectations.
 But it turns out to be an average experience.
I had better experience staying in a hotel far below nusa dua beach and spa in reputation.
That being said, the atmosphere was great and the facility was good.thank you.
I'll be honest, we were not over the moon with this hotel at first.
 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel (although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing), and there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle.
BUT, I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.
 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great, the grounds and facilities look equally impressive, breakfast is very nice, and the beach is cleaned several times per day.
The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view).
Overall, the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here.
Really enjoyed our holiday.
...excellent breakfasts....good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing.
Lacks authenticity.
Underwhelming pizzas.
The Chess Bar was great.
Excellent burgers. Would return depending on the deal we could get. Renovations taking place at hotel should be disclosed to potential guests.
The only problem with this hotel is the wifi.
 It is available in your room but only at a price.
At a five star hotel I certainly think it should be included.
The food was exceptional.
The best staff ever!!!!
The Nusa Dua Beach is a Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday.
 Everything is Nico and clean.
The stuf is friendly and helpul.
We Liked Most the chess Bar with having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach.
No Breakfast and No Wife.
 ..we made the booking for 02 Adult and 02 Kids but when the confirmation printed showing only one adult....extra 23 USD each for Breakfast which is more than the hotel rate.
Though other hotel in the same area include breakfast for two.
This was the most amazing holiday we have ever experienced.
 All staff were courteous,friendly and aimed to please in all things.
The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination for individuals, families and friends.
Could not recommend highly enough.
We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa and it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays.
 Wonderful staff, brilliant location and food and the gardens are better than any I've seen.
Can't recommend highly enough.
We stayed 5 nights in a Palace suite.
 The Palace gives you special privileges including a separate dining area with breakfast, tea and happy hour, separate pool etc.
Our room was spacious and beautiful! The Balinese architecture of the resort is amazing.
The staff really made us feel comfortable.
They upgraded us to a suite upon arrival.
The beach was very pretty and the water was pretty clean, a little garbage, but not excessive.
Third time I was at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 I hope I will have a chance to come back again.
Realy peacefull and wonderfull spa + sauna.
Nice swinmming pool and large beach.
 I have no complain ! 
 Didier, Jun 11,2015 
Gorgeous property, wonderful location, amazingly helpful staff and delicious food.
 This was our second visit with our young children and we will return again next year.
Staff go above and beyond to make your stay a memorable one.
It was hard to believe the property was 32 years old.
The condition and cleanliness was first class.
The staff were well trained and very friendly.
We were mainly there for the wedding of our niece.
Mr Nyoman Padma was particularly helpfull in making our stay memorable.
I appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, as well as the very friendly and helpful staff.
 The Nusa Dua Suite is one of the best rooms on the island of Bali.
I hope to return to the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel next year and for many years to come.
Unfortunately I am usually visiting Nusa Dua Beach Hotel while I am in Bali for business and I have never been there for a holiday.
Maybe this will change in the future.
Thank you again for looking after me. I have been coming to the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel now for 4 years and it is most enjoyable. 
This is our second Luxury Escapes trip and this time we opted for the Palace Club upgrade with full board.
 Our checkin was fast at the Club Lounge and we were taken to our beautiful room which opened to the gardens only the Club had access to.
Unfortunately after we unpacked we listened to a constant tapping overhead, which we were told would go on for another few days so we packed up & moved to a beautiful 1 bedroom suite on the 4th floor.
Our tranquil breakfasts in the Club Lounge each morning were a stand out as were the staff.
The meals we had throughout our stay were great.
The package does include a limited menu for Luxury Escapes but we found for the 8 nights it was sufficient the only let down was being unable to dine at the Balinese Restaurant when after we sat not realising this were told quite loudly and rudely we don't do vouchers here. No wonder there were only a couple of people eating there each night. Apart from that hiccup it was another lovely stay. The new restaurant on the beach when finished will be a great addition we were told there will be music each night so it will be a great spot to relax after dinner. As beautiful as the resort is it is in need of an update. They are constantly working to do this, but certain areas need it quicker than others. Our suite although spacious and clean could do with a modern update and still reflect the Balinese style. We came on a very affordable package, not sure I would pay the standard rate in these rooms when there is so much choice in Nusa Dua. In saying that though, we would definitely return in the future the beach the gardens the food and last but not least the staff make our holidays what they are and we will treasure the memories from each one.
I traveled with 7 other adult women from California (US) mid Oct 2014 and stayed at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa in Nusa Dua for 2 total nights.
 Based on our stay, I might recommend this hotel to my family and friends.
Pros
-For only 2 nights, I was able to relax and unwind
-Slept comfortably
-Room and hotel grounds were clean and quiet
-There are many places on the hotel grounds to lounge (ie huge main pool area with separate sand to pool area, smaller more private 25 meter lap pool area, lots of grass with garden area, private beach area, restaurants, kids playground area)
-2 glass water bottles (330ml each) provided in bathroom room each day
-The huge main pool area has a bar and stools to sit at the bar while still in the water; Pool towels provided
-Easy access to private beach just past the pool area
-Beach area is clean, quiet, well kept
-Part of our package included professional photos, it was so much fun shooting on the beach/hotel grounds.
 We picked four 5x7 pictures for free.
Cons
- No complimentary breakfast
- Wifi in room costs extra
- Room did not have a modern feel like the other hotels we stayed at in Kuta & Ubud
- You could get a little lost walking around because the grounds cover so much space
- Spa was small
- Front desk quoted us a charge to make an outbound call to our local private Bali driver; our other hotels happily called for us for free
Side notes:
- For our 2 night stay, we did not leave the resort
- Hotel has sports and activities everyday (cooking class, yoga class, renting a bike, etc.
 are charged extra).
