4 Staying here was more like being a house guest than a client! All the staff were immediately welcoming and charming and very hospitable.
4 Staying here was more like being a house guest than a client! 
3 All the staff were immediately welcoming and charming and very hospitable.

4 The restored architecture with authentic materials and amazing range of spacesto enjoy, from grand scale to intimate nooks and crannies was a 24hr experience of Moroccan culture without having to rush out on hectic tours!
3 The restored architecture with authentic materials and 
4 amazing range of spaces to enjoy, 
3 from grand scale to intimate nooks and crannies 
3 24hr experience of Moroccan culture without having to rush out on hectic tours!

4 The beds are super comfortable and the ladies in housekeeping made lovely new arrangements of linens and fresh flower petals every day!
4 The beds are super comfortable 
3 ladies in housekeeping made lovely new arrangements of linens and fresh flower petals every day!


2 If you really feel the need to leave this wonderful tranquillity and visit Marrakesh without feeling rushed or stressed, go to the Yves Saint Laurent gardens and Berber Museum followed by lunch at a delightful restaurant a short distance away called Amal.
3 If you really feel the need to leave this wonderful tranquillity and visit Marrakesh without feeling rushed or stressed, 
2 go to the Yves Saint Laurent gardens and Berber Museum 
2 followed by lunch at a delightful restaurant a short distance away called Amal.

3 Amal runs a training programme for women from disadvantaged backgrounds. They train women in the restaurant to develop job and life skills in order to transform their lives and become economically and socially stable. That is very worthy, but it is also very pretty, very calm, full of smiles and the food is just delicious and very very reasonably priced!!
2 Amal runs a training programme for women from disadvantaged backgrounds. 
3 They train women in the restaurant to develop job and life skills in order to transform their lives and become economically and socially stable. 
3 That is very worthy, but it is also very pretty, very calm, full of smiles and the food is just delicious and very very reasonably priced!!

3 Return to the hotel for more relaxing and a refreshing swim!If you want to chill out and have a more subtle experience of Morocco than that offered by generic hotel chains.........this is the place!!
3 Return to the hotel for more relaxing and a refreshing swim!
3 If you want to chill out and have a more subtle experience of Morocco than that offered by generic hotel chains.........this is the place!!

3 don't be put off by the journey !! Its a little way out , 20 mins or so BUT lovely quiet place with all you need to relax .
2 don't be put off by the journey !! 
2 Its a little way out , 20 mins or so 
3 BUT lovely quiet place with all you need to relax .

4 Great staff Ali , Khalid, Suleyman and all the others. couldn't do enough to help .
4 Great staff Ali , Khalid, Suleyman and all the others. 
4 couldn't do enough to help .

3 Great food and had the place to ourselves almost ! Organised trips to Medina and other fab places , only 2o mins away and then back to our Oasis
3 Great food and had the place to ourselves almost ! 
2 Organised trips to Medina and other fab places ,
3 only 2o mins away and then back to our Oasis

3 Caravanserei is a real oasis of peace, in which you can sit back and relax from the rush of Marrakesh.
4 Caravanserei is a real oasis of peace, 
3 you can sit back and relax from the rush of Marrakesh.

3 Its enclosed patio and small garden shield you from whatever's out there, To our surprise the hotel was half empty, so we had it and all its amenities almost only to ourselves. 
3 Its enclosed patio and small garden shield you from whatever's out there, 
2 To our surprise the hotel was half empty, 
2 so we had it and all its amenities almost only to ourselves.

3 The staff is really friendly and they go out of their ways to cater to your needs.
3 The staff is really friendly 
3 they go out of their ways to cater to your needs.

2 There are lots of animals in the hotel; just to mention a friendly cat and the family of turtles.
2 There are lots of animals in the hotel; 
2 just to mention a friendly cat and the family of turtles.

2 There are lots of birds that fly acrobatically in a long sweeping curves above the pool in order to drink some cool water on hot days.

2 As the hotel is aprox. 20 min away from the center or so, you'll need a hotel shuttle (or a taxi) almost every day - they will organize it according to your wishes, but for an extra cost.
2 As the hotel is aprox. 20 min away from the center or so, you'll need a hotel shuttle (or a taxi) almost every day 
2 they will organize it according to your wishes, but for an extra cost.

3 The food is very good and well priced, however a little bit above what you'd spend at the Jemaa el-Fnaa.
3 The food is very good and well priced, 
1 however a little bit above what you'd spend at the Jemaa el-Fnaa.

3 The rooms are clean and each seems to be a bit different, the whole design is very interesting; seems local, partly traditional, very simple yet extremely pretty.
3 The rooms are clean 
2 each seems to be a bit different, 
3 the whole design is very interesting; 
3 seems local, partly traditional, very simple yet extremely pretty.

1 It's for couples and groups but not children.

1 The wifi is basically only available in the reception area and with some connection problems by the pool.
1 The wifi is basically only available in the reception 
1 with some connection problems by the pool.

1 There was no hairdryer in the room.

3 A wonderful, unique place. Unrecognisable inside from what you see outside. Like an alladins cave. Lovely, friendly staff.
3 A wonderful, unique place.
2 Unrecognisable inside from what you see outside. 
3 Like an alladins cave. 
3 Lovely, friendly staff.

3 Good food if a little limited in choice.
3 Good food 
2 a little limited in choice.

3 Great trip to Imil in the high Atlas with Treking Morroco. This was a superb experience and highly recommended.
3 Great trip to Imil in the high Atlas with Treking Morroco. 
4 This was a superb experience and highly recommended.

4 We had a wonderful relaxing time at Caravanserai.We wanted a peaceful place to rewind, relax and recharge from our busy lives and children!We certainly got this.
4 We had a wonderful relaxing time at Caravanserai.
3 We wanted a peaceful place to rewind, relax and recharge from our busy lives and children! We certainly got this.

3 Don't be put off by the journey to the hotel, as soon as you walk through the door you feel at home. It's authentic Moroccan charm cannot help but win you over.
3 Don't be put off by the journey to the hotel, 
3 as soon as you walk through the door you feel at home.
3 It's authentic Moroccan charm cannot help but win you over.

3 The staff are extremely helpful, polite, interesting and do anything to make your stay perfect, the food is lovely, healthy and although the choice isn't vast it's enough.
3 The staff are extremely helpful, polite, interesting 
4 and do anything to make your stay perfect, 
3 the food is lovely, healthy and 3 although the choice isn't vast it's enough.

3 Many other reviews mention Marakesh and the souks which are great for shopping but you'll want to return to the tranquility of Caravanserai. All the rooms are different and although in ours the toilet wasn't quite fitted properly or the cold water was always warm it didn't matter.
2 Many other reviews mention Marakesh and the souks which are great for shopping 
3 but you'll want to return to the tranquility of Caravanserai.
3 All the rooms are different and
1 although in ours the toilet wasn't quite fitted properly 
1 or the cold water was always warm 
3 it didn't matter.

3 You forgive anything here. Apparently an architect bought the 'old house' and turned it into what it is today.
3 You forgive anything here. 
2 Apparently an architect bought the 'old house' and turned it into what it is today.

3 It's for couples, maybe groups but not children they'd be bored.So leave them at home and treat yourselves to a mini break here, you'll love it!
2 It's for couples, maybe groups but not children they'd be bored.
3 So leave them at home and treat yourselves to a mini break here, you'll love it!

3 We stayed a week at the Caravan Serai, and couldn't have had a better time.
3 We stayed a week at the Caravan Serai,
3 and couldn't have had a better time.

3 The staff were friendly and welcoming for the entire time and were on hand 24/7.
3 The staff were friendly and welcoming for the entire time and
4 were on hand 24/7.

3 The room was a great size and the bed was really comfortable.
4 The room was a great size and 
3 the bed was really comfortable.

3 We had our own private terrace which had sun through the evening.
3 We had our own private terrace which 
3 had sun through the evening.

4 The pool was great and because the hotel only has 16 rooms, it was never busy.
4 The pool was great and
3 because the hotel only has 16 rooms, it was never busy.

3 (At one point, we were the only guests!) The hotel has resident cats and tortoises in the garden which will keep you entertained too! The shuttle service to Marrakech was good - it was free of charge if you went in the morning and came back in the evening.
3 (At one point, we were the only guests!) The hotel has resident cats and tortoises in the garden which will keep you entertained too! 
3 The shuttle service to Marrakech was good - it was free of charge if you went in the morning and came back in the evening.

2 They would arrange for them to pick you up/take you at other times too, but you had to pay extra for that. It was about 150dhs (which is about 10 pounds) and a little less than a taxi, so for convenience sake a great deal. The journey was about 20mins.
2 They would arrange for them to pick you up/take you at other times too, 
2 but you had to pay extra for that. 
3 It was about 150dhs (which is about 10 pounds) and a little less than a taxi, so for convenience sake a great deal.
2 The journey was about 20mins.

3 The food was very good - we ate there a couple of nights and for lunch too.
3 The food was very good - 
2 we ate there a couple of nights and for lunch too

3 The new manager was in the process of improving the menu and what we saw was great so it will only get better.
3 The new manager was in the process of improving the menu 
3 and what we saw was great so it will only get better.

2 Cost wise - it was a little less than 10 pounds a main dinner dish. For lunch we had the salads and they were closer to about pounds 4. Breakfast was huge and complimentary with the room.
2 Cost wise - it was a little less than pounds 10 a main dinner dish.
2 For lunch we had the salads and they were closer to about pounds 4. 
3 Breakfast was huge and complimentary with the room.

4 I couldn't recommend this hotel enough.

3 It was a perfect idyll, set away from the hustle and bustle of central Marrakech.

3 It's perfect for couples of friends who want a more authentic Morrocan experience but with some comforts too.
3 It's perfect for couples of friends who want a more authentic Morrocan experience 
3 but with some comforts too.

4 I'd definitely go back again! I am giving 4 stars for reasons totally unrelated to how I would normally rate a hotel.
4 I'd definitely go back again! 
4 I am giving 4 stars for reasons totally unrelated to how I would normally rate a hotel.

4 This place is magical, it makes you smile with its quirkiness.
4 This place is magical, 
3 it makes you smile with its quirkiness.

3 It doesn't have all the bells and whistles you might get in other Riads and it is certainly authentic in its ambience and its architecture.
1 It doesn't have all the bells and whistles you might get in other Riads and 
3 it is certainly authentic in its ambience and its architecture.

2 Enough contributors have mentioned the approach through the village for this not to be a surprise, but it still is, but at least you feel like you are in Morocco.
2 Enough contributors have mentioned the approach through the village for this not to be a surprise, but it still is, 
3 but at least you feel like you are in Morocco.

2 The layout of the building is a maze of courtyards with bedrooms off them.
2 The layout of the building is a maze of courtyards 
2 with bedrooms off them.

3 The rooms are big, in fact, very big. We had 14 and 15, which communicate via a private terrace and are wrapped around the pool courtyard; the two together with their living rooms and two terraces gave us half of the upper floor of the hotel.
4 The rooms are big, in fact, very big.
2 We had 14 and 15, which communicate via a private terrace and are wrapped around the pool courtyard;
3 the two together with their living rooms and two terraces gave us half of the upper floor of the hotel.

3 There are nooks and crannies everywhere, a lovely shaded garden and the pool is excellent.
2 There are nooks and crannies everywhere, 
3 a lovely shaded garden and 
4 the pool is excellent.

3 There are only 18 rooms but the place is so big you can spend all day hardly seeing anyone, or, as we found, strangers became friends as we all shared the collective feeling of having been washed up on the shore of this island of peace.
3 There are only 18 rooms but the place is so big you can spend all day hardly seeing anyone, or, 
3 as we found, strangers became friends as
3 we all shared the collective feeling of having been washed up on the shore of this island of peace.

2 The food is not great, but its OK and you are likely to be eating out a few times anyway.
1 The food is not great, 
2 but its OK and you are likely to be eating out a few times anyway.

3 The wine is certainly OK but not cheap, the massage is heavenly.
2 The wine is certainly OK 
1 but not cheap, 
3 the massage is heavenly.

3 Have a hammam as well; it is a minor torture to feel fabulously new afterwards.
2 Have a hammam as well; 
3 it is a minor torture to feel fabulously new afterwards.

3 The staff are all from the village and couldnt try harder if they wanted to, constantly putting themselves out to be helpful, always smiling, not always getting it right but the effort they put in is actually what makes this place so very special, you feel like you are in their home.
3 The staff are all from the village and couldnt try harder if they wanted to, 
3 constantly putting themselves out to be helpful, 
4 always smiling, 
1 not always getting it right 
3 but the effort they put in is actually what makes this place so very special, 
4 you feel like you are in their home.

3 The new director, Ali, is dynamic and motivated and accessible, he has plans and ideas to conserve the authenticity and uniqueness of the hotel whilst upping some of the services.
3 The new director, Ali, is dynamic and motivated and accessible,
3 he has plans and ideas to conserve the authenticity and uniqueness of the hotel 
3 whilst upping some of the services.

3 The Wi Fi is patchy and this is a blessing, you get so relaxed here that not having a connection sometimes is exactly what you need.
1 The Wi Fi is patchy 
3 and this is a blessing, 
3 you get so relaxed here that
3 not having a connection sometimes is exactly what you need.

3 It is no time at all in a taxi to the craziness of the centre (there is a free shuttle twice a day) and its location is very useful for excursions.
3 It is no time at all in a taxi to the craziness of the centre 
3 (there is a free shuttle twice a day)
3  and its location is very useful for excursions.

2 Top of the list is Ouzoud for the waterfalls (separate review).Caravanserai will not suit the total luxury seekers, and nor should it.
2 Top of the list is Ouzoud for the waterfalls (separate review).
3 Caravanserai will not suit the total luxury seekers, and nor should it.

4 It is a world apart and a week here will be like no other you have ever had.
4 It is a world apart and
4 a week here will be like no other you have ever had.

3 I fell in love with this place for it being so peaceful and relaxed and at the same time offering you some fun.
4 I fell in love with this place 
3 it being so peaceful and relaxed 
3 and at the same time offering you some fun.

3 It is also very authentic (the floor, walls...decorations...so many details catching your eye...).
3 It is also very authentic 
3 (the floor, walls...decorations...so many details catching your eye...).

3 I loved bathrooms: spacious, archaic (my friend's bath was made of clay I guess! Like in movies..) and modern as well (concerning comfort)! Bed really comfortable so slept like a baby...I was also very happy about the personelle.
4 I loved bathrooms: 
3 spacious, archaic (my friend's bath was made of clay I guess! Like in movies..) and 
3 modern as well (concerning comfort)! 
3 Bed really comfortable 
4 so slept like a baby...
3 I was also very happy about the personelle.

3 Every single person working there was very kind and helpful.

3 They could speak different languages very well and were very organized.I would strongly recomment this place for people looking for a place to relax as well as for romantic time. It is just so peaceful!
3 They could speak different languages very well 
3 and were very organized.
4 I would strongly recomment this place for people looking for a place to relax as well as for romantic time. 
4 It is just so peaceful!

3 I stayed at Caravanserai for a long weekend before a friends wedding (to get some sun!) It was perfect for this.
2 I stayed at Caravanserai for a long weekend before a friends wedding (to get some sun!) 
3 It was perfect for this.

2 My first time in Morocco I wasn't sure what to expect.

2 The drive to Caravanserai did make me slightly nervous as the taxi driver didn't know where it was and it is a 20 minute drive out of the centre - which we loved as it felt more relaxing.
1 The drive to Caravanserai did make me slightly nervous as the taxi driver didn't know where it was and 
2 it is a 20 minute drive out of the centre - 
3 which we loved as it felt more relaxing.

3 The village that caravanserai is in is very poor and you will probably wonder where you are going! However, as soon as you enter Caravanserai it's like another world - very tranquil and beautiful.
2 The village that caravanserai is in is very poor and you will probably wonder where you are going!
3 However, as soon as you enter Caravanserai it's like another world - 
3 very tranquil and beautiful.

3 The pool is lovely and has traditional Moroccan architecture.
3 The pool is lovely and 
2 has traditional Moroccan architecture.

3 The staff are extremely friendly and Mohammed, the manager, was brilliant.
3 The staff are extremely friendly and 
4 Mohammed, the manager, was brilliant.

3 Only get a taxi organised by the hotel - they give you their number at night and are extremely helpful.
2 Only get a taxi organised by the hotel
3 they give you their number at night and are extremely helpful.

3 I will definitely return - perfect place for either a romantic break or with friends.
4 I will definitely return - 
3 perfect place for either a romantic break or with friends.

3 The food isn't anything amazing but fine for lunches and breakfast - we got rather used to eating cake and pancakes for breakfast! Don't expect utter luxury but the friendliness and charm makes it amazing.
1 The food isn't anything amazing but 
2 fine for lunches and breakfast - we got rather used to eating cake and pancakes for breakfast!
2 Don't expect utter luxury 
4 but the friendliness and charm makes it amazing.

4 I could not rate this hotel any higher.

4 The four days I spent there with my sister were mezmerising.

3 The hotel is in a small village outside of the city centre which suited us perfectly as the city, as beautiful as it is, is full on.
2 The hotel is in a small village outside of the city centre
3 which suited us perfectly as the city, as beautiful as it is, is full on.

3 We never felt stuck at the hotel though as the staff were delightfully obliging with organising drivers and taxis for us.
3 We never felt stuck at the hotel though 
3 as the staff were delightfully obliging with organising drivers and taxis for us.

3 They insisted on doing this for our safety and so we wouldn't get ripped off.
3 They insisted on doing this for our safety and 
3 so we wouldn't get ripped off.

3 One of the drivers, Khalid, is the loveliest man who gave us lots of information about the city - albeit he only spoke French.
3 One of the drivers, Khalid, is the loveliest man who gave us lots of information about the city - 
1 albeit he only spoke French.

3 The hotel itself is beautiful with lots of surprising nooks and cranies to explore.
3 The hotel itself is beautiful 
3 with lots of surprising nooks and cranies to explore.

4 Our room was huge with a beautiful terrace and was very clean.
4 Our room was huge with 
3 a beautiful terrace and 
3 was very clean.

4 The staff could not have been more welcoming and helpful when you needed something and were a joy to talk to.
4 The staff could not have been more welcoming
3 and helpful when you needed something 
4 and were a joy to talk to.

3 The manager Oumri partcularly captivated me with stories of Morocco and the people so much so that I will be planning a trip back! The hotel is also quite intimate so we got to make friends with the other guests.
3 The manager Oumri partcularly captivated me with stories of Morocco and the people so much 
4 so that I will be planning a trip back!
3 The hotel is also quite intimate so 
3 we got to make friends with the other guests.

3 And the food was top quality.

4 All in all it was a wonderful trip.

3 It was very nice stay with my friends! Perfect service, rooms are clean hotel is in perfect place, food was very good.100% I will come back here for a longer time.
3 It was very nice stay with my friends! 
4 Perfect service, 
3 rooms are clean 
4 hotel is in perfect place, 
3 food was very good.
4 100% I will come back here for a longer time.

4 As a tourist I can hightly recommend for everyone!

3 I wasn't in Marrakech first time, but this time was it our best choice , wonderful place, excellent service, amazing experience.
2 I wasn't in Marrakech first time, 
3 but this time was it our best choice , 
3 wonderful place, 
4 excellent service, 
4 amazing experience.

4 We couldn't have asked for more, come up to expectations, Thank you !!!
4 We couldn't have asked for more, 
3 come up to expectations, 
4 Thank you !!!

3 little bit of the beaten track, quiet location, with beautiful swimming pool and well kept garden.
3 A little bit of the beaten track, 
2 quiet location, 
3 with beautiful swimming pool 
3 and well kept garden.

3 Very charming.

3 Nice place to stay, very well designed.
3 Nice place to stay, 
3 very well designed.

3 Comfortable rooms (we got one of the suites).

3 Great staff, friendly, helpful.They made our stay in Marrakech an unforgettable experience.
3 Great staff, friendly, helpful.
4 They made our stay in Marrakech an unforgettable experience.

4 I can highly recommend it.

3 We arrived late at night and the hotel sent their transport shuttle to collect us from the airport.
2 We arrived late at night and 
3 the hotel sent their transport shuttle to collect us from the airport.

3 The driver was very welcoming.

2 He speaks a little English and French..

2 We had agreed to pay the driver.We knew we were out of the town.

2 We have stayed in Palmerai before so knew the rough distance.

2 I became a little concerned when we left the made up road for a dirt track which became worse as it climbed a hill, past many houses and through a poor area.We arrived to a friendly welcome and very good English.
1 I became a little concerned when we left the made up road for a dirt track which became worse as it climbed a hill,
1 past many houses and through a poor area.
3 We arrived to a friendly welcome 
3 and very good English.

2 We signed in and had to leave all our passports except the children.

2 They had kept the bar area open so we could have refreshments, but no food was available.
2 They had kept the bar area open so we could have refreshments, 
1 but no food was available.

2 We were taken to our room which consisted of a lounge with two single beds, a main bedroom with a super king bed, a bathroom with a massive concrete bath and a private roof terrace with sail style sun shade covers.
2 We were taken to our room which consisted of a lounge with two single beds, 
2 a main bedroom with a super king bed, 
3 a bathroom with a massive concrete bath and 
3 a private roof terrace with sail style sun shade covers.

2 We overlooked the inner courtyard with its swimming pool which is unheated.

3 The hotel is beautiful but old.
3 The hotel is beautiful 
1 but old.

1 And has lots of cracks and imperfections, which we would not accept in our homes.

2 Breakfast was between 8-10 and was basic but you could request omelette.
2 Breakfast was between 8-10 and 
1 was basic 
3 but you could request omelette.

2 There were usually two types of pancake, bread and cake, orange slices, sometimes a local cheese, olives, jam and honey and once some yogurt.

1 I personally would have preferred to have more variety for breakfast as we stayed here for a week.

1 If you wanted lunch or dinner, you needed to order in the morning.

2 The menu was tagine based with various meats and some other Moroccan dishes.

2 They did serve chips to a fashion.

1 There was not so good a selection for vegetarians.

1 They served a pigeon pastilla which could also have easily become a vegetable pastilla to add another choice on the menu.
3 They served a pigeon pastilla 
2 which could also have easily become a vegetable pastilla to add another choice on the menu.

1 There appeared to be no fish choices.

1 If you were staying and eating here for a week, I have to say you probably would find the menu monotonous.

3 We had a beautiful vegetable tagine and couscous and it was probably one of the best flavoured dishes we had whilst in Marrakech!The staff were very obliging.
3 We had a beautiful vegetable tagine and couscous and 
3 it was probably one of the best flavoured dishes we had whilst in Marrakech!
3 The staff were very obliging.

3 They went out of their way to arrange trips which I will write about in a different review.

3 They were happy to talk and help and play with the children.

3 They even have pet tortoises there.

3 There are many areas to sit and sunbathe or sit in the shade.

3 They have numerous birds which visit the swimming pool area and are a pleasure to watch.

3 They provide some board games and have a pool table for your enjoyment. 
3 They provide some board games and 
3 have a pool table for your enjoyment.

3 We enjoyed our stay and would stay again for a couple of days.

1 Our dislikes about the hotel were:- 1.
1 It's distance.

1 Having to ask for toilet paper always for the cloakrooms 

1 Lack of varied menu and running out of things. 

3 If they could get two out of three sorted this place would be AMAZING and not the very good I've rated it.

3 I had my 70th birthday party here and booked the whole hotel.
3 I had my 70th birthday party here and 
4 booked the whole hotel.

4 It was was a brilliant three day celebration.

4 Staff food and ambience all terrific.

4 All my friends said it was the highlight of their year.

2 When you arrive, you look at the surrounding villages nd your heart stops.

4 Step inside and you are in a wonderful oasis.

3 My Wife and I stayed there for 5 days, the atmophere is unique, at night is awsome, the pool is fantastic, the rooms quite clean, no noise at all.
2 My Wife and I stayed there for 5 days, 
3 the atmophere is unique, 
4 at night is awsome, 
4 the pool is fantastic, 
3 the rooms quite clean, 
3 no noise at all.

3 Great to rest, farm from the mess but only 10 or 15 min driving to "downtown".
3 Great to rest, 
3 farm from the mess 
3 but only 10 or 15 min driving to "downtown".

4 I would definetly stay there again!

1 Just arrived back after 5 days (3rd/8th march) at the caravan serei .if you want a five star holiday hotel where you could be any where in the world all show don't stay here.
2 Just arrived back after 5 days (3rd/8th march) at the caravan serei .
0 if you want a five star holiday hotel where you could be any where in the world all show don't stay here.

4 This is a gem beautiful suite,s all authenticno false show.All the staff go out of there way to make sure you need for nothing and I mean nothing.If you want a romantic break for the two of you this is the place.Stayed in the suite 16 beautiful views of the atlas mountains with snow on the peaks while you are laying in the sun 31cIts is STUNNING .
4 This is a gem beautiful suite,s 
3 all authentic
3 no false show.
4 All the staff go out of there way to make sure you need for nothing and I mean nothing.
3 If you want a romantic break for the two of you this is the place.
2 Stayed in the suite 16 
3 beautiful views of the atlas mountains with snow on the peaks while you are laying in the sun 31c
4 Its is STUNNING .

4 Well done caravan serei and Voyage Prive cannot praise you both enough.
4 Well done caravan serei and 
4 Voyage Prive cannot praise you both enough.

3 My wife and I have wanted to go to Marrakech for few years and so when this deal came up on Voyage Prive, at an excellent price for 5 days, we decided to go for it. The hotel is situated about 20 minutes outside of the centre of Marrakech which worked brilliantly for us.

2 My wife and I have wanted to go to Marrakech for few years and so when this deal came up on Voyage Prive, 
3 at an excellent price for 5 days, we decided to go for it. 
2 The hotel is situated about 20 minutes outside of the centre of Marrakech 
4 which worked brilliantly for us.

3 The hotel provide a daily free shuttle service at 10:30am returning at around 6:00pm which gives you plenty of time to explore the centre!On arriving at the hotel, we were met by Hachme (I hope that's the correct spelling) who's customer service skills were excellent.
2 The hotel provide a daily free shuttle service at 10:30am returning at around 6:00pm 
3 which gives you plenty of time to explore the centre!On arriving at the hotel, 
4 we were met by Hachme (I hope that's the correct spelling) who's customer service skills were excellent.

4 Such a nice, genuine man who clearly wants you to have a relaxing time.

3 The room was lovely; very authentic.

3 Overlooking the pool with a large balcony and views of the garden and village beyond, the room was very stylish and very comfortable.Overall, the customer service, location and general atmosphere make this hotel and we would definitely recommend it to friends and family.
3 Overlooking the pool with a large balcony 
3 and views of the garden and village beyond, 
3 the room was very stylish and very comfortable.
3 Overall, the customer service, location and general atmosphere make this hotel 
4 and we would definitely recommend it to friends and family.

2 My husband and I stayed at the caravan serei for 4 nights last week. The hotel is located in a quiet village ( approx 25 min drive from the city of Marrakech).
2 My husband and I stayed at the caravan serei for 4 nights last week. 
2 The hotel is located in a quiet village ( approx 25 min drive from the city of Marrakech).

2 Don't be put off by its location on your arrival..The hotel provides a free shuttle service to/from the city once a day.
2 Don't be put off by its location on your arrival..
3 The hotel provides a free shuttle service to/from the city once a day.

4 It's a stunning hotel, that has a pool surrounded by 18 rooms, some of which have a private pool.
4 It's a stunning hotel,
2 that has a pool surrounded by 18 rooms, 
3 some of which have a private pool.

3 It has very comfortable and clean indoor and outdoor seating areas.

3 Also there is a beautiful garden and a hammam (spa).

3 If you are looking for a peaceful and relaxing getaway, this is the place to be.

3 All members of staff and management are very friendly and go out of their way to accommodate your needs.
3 All members of staff and management are very friendly and 
4 go out of their way to accommodate your needs.

4 The service is excellent.

3 The food is made fresh daily.

3 Will definitely visit again.

3 Stayed with wife and 2 daughters (4 and 8) in February 2015.The hotel is a small 17 suite hotel with spacious rooms and lots of small sunspots.
2 Stayed with wife and 2 daughters (4 and 8) in February 2015.
2 The hotel is a small 17 suite hotel with 
3 spacious rooms and lots of small sunspots.

3 A very relaxed atmosphere and far from the noise and stress of Marrakech (about 25 minutes by taxi).

3 We were very fond of the local dishes served at the hotel, and they went out of their way to accomodate our girls every wish.
3 We were very fond of the local dishes served at the hotel, 
4 and they went out of their way to accomodate our girls every wish.

4 The staff was extremely service minded and always with a genuine friendly attitude.
4 The staff was extremely service minded 
3 and always with a genuine friendly attitude.

4 We have traveled most of the World, but rarely come across such good quality of staff.

3 Their massage/Hamman offers are definitely also worth going for.Two points were missing in my view for a 5* review:- The pool should be heated in order to take full advantage of it during the cold months- The final part of the road to the hotel is in such bad shape that it more or less resembles a dried out flood-bedAll in all a place we would definitely consider visiting again.
3 Their massage/Hamman offers are definitely also worth going for.
1 Two points were missing in my view for a 5* review:- The pool should be heated in order to take full advantage of it during the cold months- 
1 The final part of the road to the hotel is in such bad shape that it more or less resembles a dried out flood-bed
3 ll in all a place we would definitely consider visiting again.

3 A genuine Moroccan oasis just a short drive away from the alluring but hectic madness that is the Marrakech Medina.

4 A breathtaking pool area surrounded by 16 unique rooms, authentically furnished and impeccably clean.
4 A breathtaking pool area surrounded by 16 unique rooms, 
3 authentically furnished 
4 and impeccably clean.

3 The service is to a high standard and not intrusive, there are no timetables or menus littered around which makes it feel more like a home, sometime you almost feel that you are there by yourself - which after a few hours in the city centre is a most welcome feeling.
3 The service is to a high standard and not intrusive, 
3 there are no timetables or menus littered around which makes it feel more like a home, 
2 sometime you almost feel that you are there by yourself 
3 - which after a few hours in the city centre is a most welcome feeling.

3 The food is great with a small menu of snacks and traditional Moroccan dishes, the staff on-site are friendly and helpful, particularly Faoad who was there to greet us on arrival, give us a tour of the hotel and arrange our transfers in and out of town on an almost daily basis.
3 The food is great with a small menu of snacks and traditional Moroccan dishes, 
3 the staff on-site are friendly and helpful, 
3 particularly Faoad who was there to greet us on arrival,
3 give us a tour of the hotel and arrange our transfers in and out of town on an almost daily basis

3 Breakfast was delicious and served at a very relaxed pace until quite late in the morning, which sometimes suited our agenda.
3 Breakfast was delicious and 
3 served at a very relaxed pace until quite late in the morning, 
2 which sometimes suited our agenda.

3 Our driver was brilliant, dropping us into a location of our choice and asking where we would like to be collected from a few hours later.
4 Our driver was brilliant,
3 dropping us into a location of our choice and 
3 asking where we would like to be collected from a few hours later.

4 The official photos of the venue are representative of reality, an absolutely stunning hotel and Moroccan hospitality at it's very best.
3 The official photos of the venue are representative of reality, 
4 an absolutely stunning hotel and
3 Moroccan hospitality at it's very best.

2 we've stayed at the Caravan Serai for 3 nights.

3 Such an amazing place ! Staff was nice and the swimming pool very big for this little hotel ( 17 rooms ).
4 Such an amazing place ! 
3 Staff was nice and
3 the swimming pool very big for this little hotel ( 17 rooms ).

4 Special thanks to the manager for his kindness.

4 Come back next year inchallah !

3 Upon arrival in the riad the owners were helpful and friendly.

1 We had booked through a travel agency who had ignored our request for a twin room and booked a double.

3 The owner offered us a big 5 berth room between the two of us unprompted.

3 As many of the other reviews state this is also the owners' home so their children are often running around but we felt safe and welcomed.
2 As many of the other reviews state this is also the owners' home 
2 so their children are often running around 
3 but we felt safe and welcomed.

3 Breakfast was cheap and substantial and the owner offered us additional tours but was not pushy about it.
3 Breakfast was cheap and substantial and 
2 the owner offered us additional tours 
3 but was not pushy about it.

3 She recommended places we could eat and the best ways to see the city.

3 Although her English was not great we got by with a mix of French and English together! Be aware you will incur an additional tourist tax of 2-3 Euros even if you have paid through a company which the owner kindly reduced for us.
3 Although her English was not great we got by with a mix of French and English together!
1 Be aware you will incur an additional tourist tax of 2-3 Euros even if you have paid through a company 
3 which the owner kindly reduced for us.

3 The owners prefer to be paid in Euros but will happily give you change in Dhiram.The Riad is a beautiful building and is in the heart of the hustle and bustle of the medina, close the the Souks, palaces and Jemaa el fna.
2 The owners prefer to be paid in Euros 
3 but will happily give you change in Dhiram.
3 The Riad is a beautiful building and 
3 is in the heart of the hustle and bustle of the medina, 
3 close the the Souks, palaces and Jemaa el fna.

3 There is hot water, private bathrooms and a communal courtyard which were perfect for our four nights.
3 There is hot water, 
3 private bathrooms and 
3 a communal courtyard which were perfect for our four nights.

1 If you are staying longer or like your 6 star home comforts this may not be the place for you.Taxis are unable to get all the way to the Riad so we walked part the way.
2 If you are staying longer or like your 6 star home comforts this may not be the place for you.
1 Taxis are unable to get all the way to the Riad so we walked part the way.

3 Although this felt unnerving the first evening we soon became accustomed to it and felt very safe.
1 Although this felt unnerving the first evening 
2 we soon became accustomed to it 
3 and felt very safe.

3 A great and affordable riad, with very nice and helpful staff.
3 A great and affordable riad, 
3 with very nice and helpful staff.

3 The building is beautiful and is located in the heart of the medina, not very far away from the Djemaa El Fna.
3 The building is beautiful and 
3 is located in the heart of the medina,
2 not very far away from the Djemaa El Fna.

3 The breakfast is also very good.

1 The only disadvantages are that the staff only speak french and that the riad is somewhat difficult to find at first (after you've been there once it's easy to find your way back).
1 The only disadvantages are that the staff only speak french 
1 and that the riad is somewhat difficult to find at first 
3 (after you've been there once it's easy to find your way back).

2 You can contact them by email to arrange transport from the airport (riad.chennaoui@gmail.com).

3 A pleasant experience, but could have been a little better.
3 A pleasant experience, 
1 but could have been a little better.

3 Here are the pro's and con's:Pro's: Good location within a 15 minute walk of Jemaa el Fna.The staff were friendly and helpful.The Riad was beautiful.Breakfast was a nice way to start the day.Price was very reasonable in comparison to others in the same area. 
2 Here are the pro's and con's:
3 Pro's: Good location within a 15 minute walk of Jemaa el Fna.
3 The staff were friendly and helpful.
3 The Riad was beautiful.
3 Breakfast was a nice way to start the day.
3 Price was very reasonable in comparison to others in the same area.

1 Con's:Attempted to charge us "city tax" for our children who are all under the age of twelve. The City of Marrakesh exempts young children from "city tax", so we had to show the owner this from the official government website.
1 Con's:Attempted to charge us "city tax" for our children who are all under the age of twelve.
1 The City of Marrakesh exempts young children from "city tax", so we had to show the owner this from the official government website.

1 The room was dark, and only one light worked, with three other bulbs broken.The shower head holder was broken, so we had to hold the shower head in our hands which was not very convenient.
1 The room was dark, and 
1 only one light worked, with three other bulbs broken.
1 The shower head holder was broken, so we had to hold the shower head in our hands which was not very convenient.

1 Room was very cold at night during the month of December.

1 Opted for airport pickup by the hotel (5euros per person).

3 Upon arrival we were welcomed by the host and then taken to the main sitting room where we were given tea.

1 Ended up sitting there for around 30 minutes before the host decided to show us our rooms.

1 She was a bit too pushy about trying to get us to do one of excursions she runs and it was a bit difficult talking to her as she knows very little english (you have to know either french or arabic to communicate properly).
1 She was a bit too pushy about trying to get us to do one of excursions she runs and
1 it was a bit difficult talking to her as she knows very little english (you have to know either french or arabic to communicate properly).

1 We booked the Jasmine Room (6 people) and an extra bed but when we viewed the room it was evident that an extra bed would not fit in the room.

1 The father of the host let us use one of the spare rooms for free instead but the host seemed a bit unhappy about this.
3 The father of the host let us use one of the spare rooms for free instead 
1 but the host seemed a bit unhappy about this.

1 The bathroom has no hot water for the sink and it takes a good few minutes for the water to heat up if you want a shower (so not recommended if you plan on staying here in the winter as the weather outside is cold enough, let alone the rooms as there is no heating).
1 The bathroom has no hot water for the sink and 
1 it takes a good few minutes for the water to heat up if you want a shower 
0 (so not recommended if you plan on staying here in the winter as the weather outside is cold enough, let alone the rooms as there is no heating).

2 Served a typical Moroccan breakfast on our first morning there (croissants, freshly squeezed orange juice, hot milk and coffee).

2 However, the night before we left we asked the host what breakfast would be as we had to leave the hotel by 7.45am.

1 It seemed to us that she was planning on letting us leave without breakfast even though breakfast was included in our booking.

0 The morning we left the host was not the one who saw us off but instead it was her father which gave the impression that the host just wanted our money and didn't really care too much about our experience at the riad at all.
1 The morning we left the host was not the one who saw us off but instead it was her father 
0 which gave the impression that the host just wanted our money and didn't really care too much about our experience at the riad at all.

0 It was very difficult to sleep at night at the doors have about a 2inch gap at the bottom so you can hear everything outside your room.

0 All throughout the nice there was constant noise (child screaming, man watching tv, man talking on the phone, two other guests talking ridiculously loud).

3 Despite all this, the hotel is a very good location from the main square (Jemaa el Fna) which requires about a 10-15 minute walk.

0 No key is given either so you have to ring the doorbell and wait every time you want to get back into the hotel.

1 I think the price could have been a bit cheaper but it was an alright experience.
1 I think the price could have been a bit cheaper 
2 but it was an alright experience.

0 The first and last time we will stay in a riad.

3 This riad is amazingly nice, rooms are nice and clean, I've been in the room for 6 and it was a little crowded but rooms for 2-3 people had more space, everything is clean, in every room there is an air-conditioning, and wi-fi, owners are nice, breakfast is amazing, and all in all it's a good riad for a good price.
4 This riad is amazingly nice,
3 rooms are nice and clean, 
1 I've been in the room for 6 and it was a little crowded but 
3 rooms for 2-3 people had more space, 
3 everything is clean, 
3 in every room there is an air-conditioning, and wi-fi, 
3 owners are nice, 
3 breakfast is amazing, and 
3 all in all it's a good riad for a good price.

3 Pros: 5 minute walk to the main square.

3 Great host - was happy to help with anything (but little English).

3 Very safe in terms of how I felt and my belongings.

1 Cons: No air con. No swimming pool.
1 Cons: No air con. 
1 No swimming pool.

1 You aren't given a key to the riad so you have to ring the doorbell whenever you wanted to get back in (although we were never waiting for long for someone to open the door).
1 You aren't given a key to the riad so you have to ring the doorbell whenever you wanted to get back in 
3 (although we were never waiting for long for someone to open the door).

1 Could be quite noisy as it's a small riad so you can hear people unlocking doors, chatting in their rooms and/or having their breakfast.You have to walk through narrow walkways to get to the riad.
1 Could be quite noisy as it's a small riad 
1 so you can hear people unlocking doors, chatting in their rooms and/or having their breakfast.
1 You have to walk through narrow walkways to get to the riad.

3 Initially, we (2 girls) felt really unsafe but after the second night we realised it was fine, even if there were people out and talking to you, that's all it is; felt much safer here than back at home.
1 Initially, we (2 girls) felt really unsafe but 
3 after the second night we realised it was fine, 
3 even if there were people out and talking to you, that's all it is; 
3 felt much safer here than back at home.

4 My friend and I had a fabulous stay at Riad Chennaoui! We were upgraded from a mulitbed room to a privet one, were served a delicious breakfast every morning and the owners organized a FABULOUS overnight camel treck through the desert for us! The riad even offers airport transfers and I suggest TAKE it! It would have been very hard for us to have found the hotel if we were not shown the way.
4 My friend and I had a fabulous stay at Riad Chennaoui! 
2 We were upgraded from a mulitbed room to a privet one, 
3 were served a delicious breakfast every morning and 
3 the owners organized a FABULOUS overnight camel treck through the desert for us! 
3 The riad even offers airport transfers and I suggest TAKE it! It would have been very hard for us to have found the hotel if we were not shown the way.

4 All in all. It was a magical week!

3 The pros:- excellent location, near Jema el-Fnaa and other objectives, but in an area with a lot of riad hotels, which seemed safe and quieter- it looks very nice, with an excellent courtyard and basic, but pretty rooms- the owners were nice and helpful- the rooftop terrace was not open in February, but it promised to be a wonderful place where to spend your evenings during warmer seasons- it was decently clean
3 The pros:- excellent location, near Jema el-Fnaa and other objectives, 
3 but in an area with a lot of riad hotels, which seemed safe and quieter- 
3 it looks very nice, with an excellent courtyard and basic, but pretty rooms- 
3 the owners were nice and helpful- 
2 the rooftop terrace was not open in February, but it promised to be a wonderful place where to spend your evenings during warmer seasons- it was decently clean


1 The cons:- this sort of place is built to stay colder than outside, which is great during the hot season, but not so great during cooler months; they had an AC, unfortunately no remote control or other way to start it- the boilers were unable to provide hot water (or lukewarm at least) for a larger group, that is something that they should really take care of- the breakfast was not too great, the coffee was horrible, and same things every day- it can be noisy, so beware if you're a light sleeper (though wonderfully crazy Marrakesh should cure that for you)Since we were a very large group and the prices were negotiated for us by someone else, I can't really judge the price/quality ratio.
1 The cons:- this sort of place is built to stay colder than outside, which is great during the hot season, but not so great during cooler months; 1 they had an AC, unfortunately no remote control or other way to start it-
1 the boilers were unable to provide hot water (or lukewarm at least) for a larger group, that is something that they should really take care of-
1 the breakfast was not too great, 
0 the coffee was horrible, and same things every day- 
1 it can be noisy, so beware if you're a light sleeper (though wonderfully crazy Marrakesh should cure that for you)
1 Since we were a very large group and the prices were negotiated for us by someone else, I can't really judge the price/quality ratio.

3 THE HOSTS:Mr Ahmed Chennaoui and his daughter Snaa are wonderful and great hosts.

2 This Riad is very much family run and you will get to see and chat with all members of the family including Mr Chennaoui great children.

1 LOCATION:Very tricky to find this Riad. You will need a good sense of direction.

2 It is in the heart of an old part of Marrakesh.

2 Jmaa El Fna is a good 15 minutes walk through a very narrow alley lined with many shops.

2 If you are a first time visitor you will most certainly need a taxi from the airport to this Riad. Or better still contact for the Riad to arrange for airport transfer at 150 Dirhams (pounds 12).
2 If you are a first time visitor you will most certainly need a taxi from the airport to this Riad. 
2 Or better still contact for the Riad to arrange for airport transfer at 150 Dirhams (pounds 12).

2 At the end of the alley where the Riad is situated, there is a car park, where you will find some taxis. Around the corner from the Riad there is a small shop handy for day to day items.
2 At the end of the alley where the Riad is situated, there is a car park, where you will find some taxis. 
3 Around the corner from the Riad there is a small shop handy for day to day items.

1 THE RIAD / ROOMS:There are a couple of single rooms, but the rest of other rooms are very much for multiple sleepers ideal for a group of friends.

3 All rooms are clean and the beds are very comfortable.
3 All rooms are clean and 
3 the beds are very comfortable.

1 There are no TVs and the showers are shared.
1 There are no TVs and 
1 the showers are shared.

3 The reception and dining area are impressive with beautiful wall and floor tiles, a fountain and very comfortable colourful and exotic settees where you can sit down and watch TV.
3 The reception and dining area are impressive with beautiful wall and floor tiles, 
3 a fountain and 
3 very comfortable colourful and exotic settees where you can sit down and watch TV.

3 There is roof top terrace with few sun loungers and tables and chair.

3 Ideal for watching sunset in the evenings.

2 There is no bar or restaurants in the riad.BREAKFAST:Oranges, croissants, jag of coffees and milk.

2 Not much variations, but there are many places for cheap eating in and around Marrakesh.
1 Not much variations,
2 but there are many places for cheap eating in and around Marrakesh.

2 Riad Chennaoui is located at only 7/8 minutes walking from the Djema el-Fna, the Marrakech's main square.

3 The owners are very kind and polite, and every time we came back they offered us mint tea.
3 The owners are very kind and polite, and
3 every time we came back they offered us mint tea.

3 The riad is lovely, clean, with majolicas, a fountain and beautiful doors.

3 Price is honest.

3 We were really happy with Riad Chennaoui and would highly recommend it if like us, you are on an middle-range budget.
3 We were really happy with Riad Chennaoui and 
4 would highly recommend it if like us, you are on an middle-range budget.

2 We were only going to stay for 2 nights but stayed for 5.

3 The manager and family that live there are warm and welcoming.

3 We found the manager, Abdul to be extremely helpful, flexible and kind.

3 I a city where it's difficult to trust strangers he was a treasure and went out of his way to make our stay the most comfortable and helped arrange our activities.
3 I a city where it's difficult to trust strangers he was a treasure and 
3 went out of his way to make our stay the most comfortable and 
3 helped arrange our activities.

3 Most of the rooms are beautiful and the atmosphere is laid back.
3 Most of the rooms are beautiful and 
3 the atmosphere is laid back.

1 Don't expect entertainment, the Riad seemed very quiet but accommodation of the fun you bring.
1 Don't expect entertainment, 
2 the Riad seemed very quiet
3 but accommodation of the fun you bring.

3 Some of the rooms are stunning and for a very good price, it would be worth discussing this with the manager to see what's available.
4 Some of the rooms are stunning and for a very good price, 
3 it would be worth discussing this with the manager to see what's available.

3 There is a great roof terrace (which was usually empty when we were there).

3 The Riad wasn't the most clean and tidy but the space is still great.Breakfast was good value value for money.We highly recommend Riad Chennaoui! Great value for money!
1 The Riad wasn't the most clean and tidy 
3 but the space is still great.
3 Breakfast was good value value for money.
4 We highly recommend Riad Chennaoui!
3 Great value for money!

0 Myself and my wife had planned to stay for 4 nights over the new year but left after our first night something we have never had to do in many years of international travel.

0 Our room, and indeed much of the hotel smelt of sewage (which can happen in city's with less developed infrastructure what was unacceptable was the denial by staff that this was a problem), there was no working lock on the door to our room (again apparently not a problem!).
0 Our room, and indeed much of the hotel smelt of sewage (which can happen in city's with less developed infrastructure
0 what was unacceptable was the denial by staff that this was a problem), 
1 there was no working lock on the door to our room (again apparently not a problem!).

0 When we gave our reasons for leaving we were forced to pay for a second night as staff would not release our luggage or let us leave until we did this.

0 Other than these immediate issues the hotel is hugely overpriced, has a run down, chilly and pretty grim atmosphere.
0 Other than these immediate issues the hotel is hugely overpriced, 
0 has a run down, chilly and pretty grim atmosphere.

0 A real shame as the building is a rather grand old riad which could have potential.

0 One to avoid (even if desperate) as there are plenty of far, far better accommodation options in wonderful Marrakech.

0 We ended up in a far more convivial Riad which had friendly staff, a warm atmosphere, was better located and (incidently) cost almost half the price.

2 We stopped off in Marrakech for four days, and, at the suggestion of a friend we met in Casablanca, we went to Riad Chennaoui.

4 Amazing experience.

3 The Riad had great wifi, a very comfortable room, a very cool air conditioner, and a beautiful courtyard.
4 The Riad had great wifi,
3  a very comfortable room, 
3 a very cool air conditioner, 
3 and a beautiful courtyard.

3 The Riad was in the middle of the medina, and only a quick walk away from all of the tourist stops.

3 Abdul, the hotel worker, was very nice and accommodating.

3 The price per night was very reasonable.Overall, we had a wonderful stay in Marrakech, thanks - in no small part - to Riad Chennaoui.
3 The price per night was very reasonable.
3 Overall, we had a wonderful stay in Marrakech, thanks - in no small part - to Riad Chennaoui.

3 Good located beautiful Riad in the Medina near Palais Bahia.

3 Very friendly staff - especially Abdul.And nobody try to sell anything ore wants to make any business ...
3 Very friendly staff - especially Abdul.
3 And nobody try to sell anything ore wants to make any business ...

3 ;-)The rooms are simple, but nice and not so small.

2 We stayed here in Sept 2011 as part of our honeymoon tour of morocco.

2 We wanted somewhere to just freshen up and sleep.

2 We spent all day and night out and about.We got to pick what ever room we wanted.

2 we choose the largest room upstairs, one kingsize bed, with Moroccan sedari/beds used for additional guests.

3 The Shower was really nice and large, the sink was traditional.

3 As for the toilet, moroccans are never any good with designing those things! Was a beautiful room.
1 As for the toilet, moroccans are never any good with designing those things! 
3 Was a beautiful room.

1 Air con worked.One down side the very large beautiful wooden doors did not close properly and therefore you could not close it from the inside.
3 Air con worked.
1 One down side the very large beautiful wooden doors did not close properly and therefore you could not close it from the inside.

1 There is a thick curtain, i was worried about privacy and more about belonging.

3 However, we had no problems at all.

2 There were only 3 other people down the hall.

3 And our belongings were fine.

2 No one came in!Ironically the owners quarters are locked up with a HUGE lock and key with chains.lolWe found this place while walkign around the small narrow streets.
3 No one came in!
2 Ironically the owners quarters are locked up with a HUGE lock and key with chains.lol
2 We found this place while walkign around the small narrow streets

2 There was a much nicer riad 3 houses away but was very expensive.

3 This suited us fine.

1 We didnt eat in as its much cheaper to eat outside.

2 its about 10min walk through the narrow streets to get to jama al fin'a.

2 Which kicked off at around sunset.

2 Before then its pretty quiet.

3 They have lots of good shops, cheap things if your local or Moroccan.

2 If your a tourist you will be ripped off i am afraid.Its very difficult to visit the country without the language or prior knowladge of the area as people will see pounds  signs when they look at you.Me and my husband came across two english girls who were lost, and looking for the Earth cafe, a worker at a resturant gave them wrong directions on purpose.
2 If your a tourist you will be ripped off i am afraid.
2 Its very difficult to visit the country without the language or prior knowladge of the area as people will see pounds  signs when they look at you.
2 Me and my husband came across two english girls who were lost, and looking for the Earth cafe, a worker at a resturant gave them wrong directions on purpose.

2 When we interrupted as we were concerned what games he was playing.

2 He was not too pleased as we obviously ruined his evil plans! We gave the girls the correct directions as earth cafe is near this Riad.

1 So becareful if your female and traveling alone or without a male chaperone.We got a good deal on the riad an room, my husband from the surrounding area so we were not taken any rubbish from the owners.
1 So becareful if your female and traveling alone or without a male chaperone.
3 We got a good deal on the riad an room,
2 my husband from the surrounding area so we were not taken any rubbish from the owners.

3 so they gave us the actual price which we brought down.

2 We paid pounds 23 for the night, and had the largest room.

3 Would reccomend for families as the rooms can accomadate 7+ The roof terrace is beautiful we only went up to explore the morning we were leaving we had an hour to kill.
3 Would reccomend for families as the rooms can accomadate 7+ 
3 The roof terrace is beautiful we only went up to explore the morning we were leaving we had an hour to kill.

3 there was no one up there, very quiet and over looking the city.

3 I would come here again due to location, price and room size.

2 But also open to try another Riad.

3 We went there a couple of times when coming to Marrakech and it is a wonderful riad, not too far away from the centre of the medina.
3 We went there a couple of times when coming to Marrakech and it is a wonderful riad, 
3 not too far away from the centre of the medina.

3 The terrace is great and spacious, with good views of the city.

3 The inner courtyard is classic and beautiful, a very relaxed, chilled place to spend the evening after a busy day.
3 The inner courtyard is classic and beautiful, 
3 a very relaxed, chilled place to spend the evening after a busy day.

3 Staff are welcoming and go out of their way to help you out.

3 There is also wifi access and a widescreen telly if you need to catch up on some news.
3 There is also wifi access and 
3 a widescreen telly if you need to catch up on some news.

3 We booked a double for 250 MAD, which isn't bad for being Marrakech and would definitely come back again.
3 We booked a double for 250 MAD, 
3 which isn't bad for being Marrakech and 
3 would definitely come back again.

1 The only downside was the desert excursion the riad recommended, it is sourced to an outside company (Mami tour excursions) so none of their fault really, but the tour was a bit of a disappointment and lacking in many ways.Otherwise, great place.
1 The only downside was the desert excursion the riad recommended, it is sourced to an outside company (Mami tour excursions) so none of their fault really, but the tour was a bit of a disappointment and lacking in many ways.
3 Otherwise, great place.

2 My friend and I (both recent college grads from America) stayed in Riad Chennaoui when we visited Marrakech in February 2011.

4 The riad is really beautiful and the terrace is amazing, with gorgeous views! I booked an 8 person room (I think) and it was actually two different rooms with four beds each.
4 The riad is really beautiful and the terrace is amazing, with gorgeous views! 
2 I booked an 8 person room (I think) and it was actually two different rooms with four beds each.

3 The rooms were really basic but clean and comfortable.

3 The staff at the hostel were all very very friendly and welcoming.

3 The location of the hostel is great as well, just about ten minutes from the main city square.

3 All in all I had a great time at this hostel, it was very clean with an extremely hospitable staff;it was a great experience for a very low price (only like 8 euros per night, I think).
3 All in all I had a great time at this hostel, 
3 it was very clean with an extremely hospitable staff;
3 it was a great experience for a very low price (only like 8 euros per night, I think).

3 I've stayed in a luxury Riad (Julia) and Ive stayed here in one of the cheapest rooms but I would go for this one.

1 Dont get me wrong, the room wasnt very good at all and everyone sharing had to also listen to each other use the toilet with only a curtain inbetween.
1 Dont get me wrong, 
1 the room wasnt very good at all 
1 and everyone sharing had to also listen to each other use the toilet with only a curtain inbetween.

3 What makes this riad worthwhile is that its quite close to the Medina and it has a license for alcohol which does come in handy! The communal area is very good with little nooks for privacy but it also has a big TV for catching live football games with fellow travellers.If I went back to Marrakech, I'd come back here but splash out a bit more for a private suite if I was with my partener although with friends then I'd just go for the cheapest again!
3 What makes this riad worthwhile is that its quite close to the Medina and 
3 it has a license for alcohol which does come in handy! 
3 The communal area is very good with little nooks for privacy but 
3 it also has a big TV for catching live football games with fellow travellers.
3 If I went back to Marrakech, I'd come back here but splash out a bit more for a private suite if I was with my partener
2 although with friends then I'd just go for the cheapest again!


1 The medina in Marrakech is a tough place for budget travelers as many riads are very expensive.

2 Riad Chennaoui is a work in progress.

2 We paid 550 MAD for a triple room en suite, not including breakfast.

3 The riad itself is very airy and has a great roofdeck, as well as free wi-fi and cable.
3 The riad itself is very airy and 
3 has a great roofdeck, 
3 as well as free wi-fi and cable.

1 Unfortunately when we were there they were ripping up the tile in the center courtyard so there was a lot of mess.

1 Also, like in many budget places in the medina, there is a pervasive sewer gas odor, which may have been worse on the first floor where we stayed.
1 Also, like in many budget places in the medina, there is a pervasive sewer gas odor, 
1 which may have been worse on the first floor where we stayed.

3 The manager Najeem is very nice and the riad is not in the thick of it but still close enough to Jen El Fnaa.
3 The manager Najeem is very nice and
3 the riad is not in the thick of it but still close enough to Jen El Fnaa.

2 It is located very near the Dar Sidi Said.

2 The phone number is 05 24 37 61 40 or mobile 06 67 06 35 14.

2 You might want to text so they can help you navigate there.

3 This riad is worth checking out.

0 this riad is in a good location, thats about it.The 'charming' manager sold us a tour that was quoted in Dirham and was changed to Euros on our return, an absolute and complete stitch up ! His mate the driver was also Mr Smooth, we were VERY RIPPED OFF.Very dissapointed and a considerable amount of euros poorer.The hammam on site was a grubby little room for 100dh you couldnt even get up a sweat, local hammam 10dh around the corner.
3 this riad is in a good location, thats about it.
1 The 'charming' manager sold us a tour that was quoted in Dirham and was changed to Euros on our return, an absolute and complete stitch up !
0 His mate the driver was also Mr Smooth, we were VERY RIPPED OFF.
0 Very dissapointed and a considerable amount of euros poorer.
0 The hammam on site was a grubby little room for 100dh you couldnt even get up a sweat, 
1 local hammam 10dh around the corner.

0 The riad rooms upstairs have serious sewerage drainage issues with the smell to accompany this, it was extremely loud with the flat screen television watched by the owner on in the central courtyard often, and to end it a light fingered staff member who took a liking to my clothes all in all Marrakech is EXCITING and BUZZING but this riad should be avoided:
0 The riad rooms upstairs have serious sewerage drainage issues with the smell to accompany this, 
0 it was extremely loud with the flat screen television watched by the owner on in the central courtyard often, 
0 and to end it a light fingered staff member who took a liking to my clothes 
0 all in all Marrakech is EXCITING and BUZZING but this riad should be avoided:

1 We booked this hotel before reading the reviews and were a little worried about what to expect after we had read what some people had written.

1 On arrival at Les Oliviers, we too were moved to the annex around the corner (which is actually a seperate Riad called Riad Chennaoui).

3 The service on arrival was immediate and excellent.

3 There were three principal members of staff who made our stay incredible.

3 Breakfast was delicious, meals were great and the rooms were very clean and beautiful.
3 Breakfast was delicious, 
3 meals were great and 
3 the rooms were very clean and beautiful.

3 Staff went out of their way to not only make us feel comfortable but to make us feel very special and we were very sad to leave.
3 Staff went out of their way to not only make us feel comfortable but to make us feel very special 
4 and we were very sad to leave.

3 I believe that there are probably many riads that are far more opulent and beautiful but I doubt that the staff are as genuinely lovely as these.

3 It was also in a great location not far from all of the main attractions, plus it is just down the road from an economical but fabulous hammam (hammam Ziani).
3 It was also in a great location not far from all of the main attractions, 
3 plus it is just down the road from an economical but fabulous hammam (hammam Ziani).

4 This place far exceeded our expectations and we hope to return there soon.
4 This place far exceeded our expectations and 
4 we hope to return there soon.

4 Dar Zelda is an amazing place with warm welcoming staff and a very lovely & friendly owner, Michel.
4 Dar Zelda is an amazing place 
3 with warm welcoming staff and 
3 a very lovely & friendly owner, Michel.

2 We were 5 women celebrating a big birthday! I came from London and the birthday girl with 3 friends in toe came later from Stockholm.

3 I arrived at 09.50 and was already up on their excellent roof top with a glass of white wine by 12.

3 The Swedes fro Sweden arrived at 18.30 and we had a marvellous dinner prepared by the chef at Dar Zelda.
2 The Swedes fro Sweden arrived at 18.30 and 
3 we had a marvellous dinner prepared by the chef at Dar Zelda.

4 We stayed for 3 nights and had 3 fabulous breakfasts and 2 dinners in that time! I would hightly recommend Dar Zelda to anyone who are going to Marrakech! The owner and his marvellous staff took the best care of us and we all felt like princesses, very special.
4 We stayed for 3 nights and had 3 fabulous breakfasts and 2 dinners in that time!
4  I would hightly recommend Dar Zelda to anyone who are going to Marrakech! 
4 The owner and his marvellous staff took the best care of us and
4 we all felt like princesses, very special.

3 Thanks Michel! I will come back soon! :) Maria from London

2 My wife and two grown daughters and I stayed three nights at this riad in late December 2014.

3 They arranged pick-up at the airport, and the driver was there, patiently waiting, even though we ended up clearing customs almost two hours late.
3 They arranged pick-up at the airport, 
3 and the driver was there, patiently waiting, even though we ended up clearing customs almost two hours late.

2 After a terrifying ride through Marrakech -- I lost count of how many people we almost hit -- we arrived at a location inside the medina beyond which the streets were too narrow to drive.

3 A guy with a pushcart was there to porter our luggage to the door (I over-tipped him with the smallest denomination I had -- 100 dirhams).

2 The alleys leading up to the riad looked pretty sketchy, but we later learned that this is just how the alleys look there.

1 The front of the riad -- like the front of just about everything in the medina -- looked somewhat dilapidated, but.

4 wow, the inside was beautiful.

3 We were met by one of the very nice women who work there.

3 She sat us down in the interior courtyard next to the small plunge pool and brought us the best orange juice we'd ever had.
3 She sat us down in the interior courtyard next to the small plunge pool and 
3 brought us the best orange juice we'd ever had.

3 Then the owner, Michel, showed us our room.

4 We booked the family suite, and it was truly amazing.

4 Two huge bedrooms, a large living room and a spacious bath area, all beautifully decorated in the traditional Moorish style.
3 Two huge bedrooms, a large living room and a spacious bath area,
4 all beautifully decorated in the traditional Moorish style.

4 it was straight out of Arabian Nights.Michele then invited us up to the rooftop terrace for some tea.
4 it was straight out of Arabian Nights.
3 Michele then invited us up to the rooftop terrace for some tea.

4 After inquiring if we were hungry (we were starving), a heaping platter of chicken and vegetable couscous magically appeared.

4 It ended up being one of the best meals we ate on our entire trip.

3 Michele and his assistants were so very gracious throughout our stay, always asking if there was anything we needed.
3 Michele and his assistants were so very gracious throughout our stay, 
3 always asking if there was anything we needed.

3 Breakfast was included and was simple but tasty fare.

3 French bread and some sort of delicious fried crepe along with butter and jams and of course more of that delicious OJ.

3 The location of the riad is a little off the beaten path. It's away from the souks so it's very quiet in the evening, but you're only about a five-minute walk from where the stalls are (assuming you figure out which direction to go!) It's about a three minute-walk to the Museum of Marrakech and the Ben Youssef madrassa and about a 15-minute walk to the Jemma el-Fna, which is the main plaza.
3 The location of the riad is a little off the beaten path. 
2 It's away from the souks so it's very quiet in the evening,
3 but you're only about a five-minute walk from where the stalls are (assuming you figure out which direction to go!) 
2 It's about a three minute-walk to the Museum of Marrakech and the Ben Youssef madrassa and
2 about a 15-minute walk to the Jemma el-Fna, which is the main plaza.

2 We were very proud of ourselves for figuring out how to get back to the riad from the plaza in the dark (a good sense of direction -- or a good map -- is a big help).We did have a few minor problems.

1 the two large heaters in the rooms did not work our first night so it was chilly, but they got those swapped out the next day.
1 the two large heaters in the rooms did not work our first night so it was chilly,
3  but they got those swapped out the next day.

1 Also, the Wi-Fi dropped periodically in our room.

3 but those were minor issues.Overall, a wonderful stay.

4 Highly recommended.

4 This is a great place to stay if you are looking for good location in the Medina; relaxed hosting; comfort; interesting, largely local decor; good food in house; clean and well-appointed room; pleasant fellow-guests; great roof terrace.
4 This is a great place to stay if you are looking for good location in the Medina; 
3 relaxed hosting; comfort; interesting, 
3 largely local decor; 
3 good food in house; 
3 clean and well-appointed room;
3  pleasant fellow-guests;
3 great roof terrace.

2 If you want a 5 star western hotel you won't be as happy, but we got just what we hoped for.
1 If you want a 5 star western hotel you won't be as happy,
3 but we got just what we hoped for.

3 It is a great base from which to enter the melee of the area, retreating back for peace and relaxation.
3 It is a great base from which to enter the melee of the area, 
3 retreating back for peace and relaxation.

3 The hosts were also really helpful on transport, trips, reservations and picking me up immediately and without fuss from an ill-advised and ill-equipped venture into the city after dark! Altogether highly recommended
3 The hosts were also really helpful on transport, trips, reservations and 
3 picking me up immediately and without fuss from an ill-advised and ill-equipped venture into the city after dark! 4 Altogether highly recommended

2 We wanted a riad that was traditional, authentic and most importantly gay-friendly.

3 And we were pleasantly surprised with all of these points at Riad Dar Zelda.

3 The indoor courtyard was lovely & peaceful, the room was clean and minimalist, the bed very comfortable and the shower nice and refreshing.
3 The indoor courtyard was lovely & peaceful, 
3 the room was clean and minimalist, 
3 the bed very comfortable and the shower nice and refreshing.

2 Breakfast consisted of fresh orange juice, tea, coffee, fresh baguettes and Moroccan crepes.

3 It was lovely to enjoy this on the roof-top terrace.

3 Wifi in the room worked well, the tv didn't work (but who goes on holiday to watch tv anyway?) and the two female staff were always around the riad should you need anything.The riad isn't located right in the middle of the medina but jemaa el-fnaa square is just a 15-minute walk through the souks (once you find the right route!) A point about the 20 Euro airport transfer: I had read other reviews which mentioned having to pay a 'guide' to walk you to the riad where the car drops you in the medina but this wasn't the case on our trip.
3 Wifi in the room worked well, 
1 the tv didn't work (but who goes on holiday to watch tv anyway?) and 
3 the two female staff were always around the riad should you need anything.
1 The riad isn't located right in the middle of the medina 
3 but jemaa el-fnaa square is just a 15-minute walk through the souks (once you find the right route!)
2 A point about the 20 Euro airport transfer: I had read other reviews which mentioned having to pay a 'guide' to walk you to the riad where the car drops you in the medina but this wasn't the case on our trip.

3 The driver walked us to the riad & asked for no such tips.

3 Although this is relatively expensive for Morocco I think it's a fair price to pay for the peace of mind.

3 The medina is one big maze and being dropped at the nearest road and trying to navigate to the riad alone would have been a bit of a nightmare.As a gay couple we didn't want any awkward questions about sharing a double bed and this is partly why we chose Dar Zelda and I'm pleased we did.
2 The medina is one big maze and
2  being dropped at the nearest road and trying to navigate to the riad alone would have been a bit of a nightmare.
2 As a gay couple we didn't want any awkward questions about sharing a double bed and 
3 this is partly why we chose Dar Zelda and I'm pleased we did.

3 I would definitely return to Dar Zelda and for the price, I think it's very good!

3 I stayed at this Riad with three friends and it was fantastic for a short stay in Marrakesh.

3 My friend and I stayed in the Carbone room which was beautifully lit and decorated - perhaps one of the chicest rooms I have ever had the pleasure of staying in.
3 My friend and I stayed in the Carbone room which was beautifully lit and decorated - 
4 perhaps one of the chicest rooms I have ever had the pleasure of staying in.

3 The rooftop is lovely for relaxing on, and an unbeatable for a breakfast spot.

3 On arrival, we were greeted by Brandon and Michel, the owners, who made you feel comfortable as if welcoming you into your own home.
3 On arrival, we were greeted by Brandon and Michel, the owners, 
3 who made you feel comfortable as if welcoming you into your own home.

3 Overall, a sophisticated yet homely base offering tranquility in the city!

4 Dar Zelda is a perfect place to stay while in Marrakech.

3 It is situated very close to many attractions- just round the corner from Ben Youseff and lots of lovely restaurants.

3 The staff are very accommodating- Michel was very friendly and arranged for a meal on the lovely rooftop terrace one evening, and for one of the members of staff to accompany me to an authentic hammam which was a fabulous experience! It is a very calm environment and I loved the pool.
3 The staff are very accommodating- 
3 Michel was very friendly and arranged for a meal on the lovely rooftop terrace one evening, 
3 and for one of the members of staff to accompany me to an authentic hammam which was a fabulous experience!
3  It is a very calm environment and I loved the pool.

3 It also felt very safe and we appreciated the man who guarded the door at all hours ! Thank you Michel ! Loved meeting you and your team.
3 It also felt very safe and 
3 we appreciated the man who guarded the door at all hours ! 
3 Thank you Michel ! 
3 Loved meeting you and your team.

3 We spent a week within Dar Zelda - communication was great up to our stay, Brendan confirmed our reservation a few days beforehand and organised transfers etc.
2 We spent a week within Dar Zelda - 
3 communication was great up to our stay, 
3 Brendan confirmed our reservation a few days beforehand and organised transfers etc.

3 After an hour of queueing at passport control in the airport, the driver did not appear to be frustrated with having to wait for us.

3 Once we arrived near the riad, our taxi man called on another man who then led us to the riad.

1 Unfortunately, you don't really have any other option as you would not find your way to the riad any other way.

2 PLEASE NOTE: have a small amount of dirham for this 'transfer man' (I think 15-30 dirham is the norm, we unfortunately only had big notes so got caught out).

3 Breakfast every morning was fresh and whenever you get up essentially! Room was clean and comfortable, bathroom was very grand in moroccan fashion.
3 Breakfast every morning was fresh and whenever you get up essentially! 
3 Room was clean and comfortable, 
3 bathroom was very grand in moroccan fashion.

3 There are 3 wifi connections, which appear to be for each floor, so connection is good.
3 There are 3 wifi connections, 
3 which appear to be for each floor, 
3 so connection is good.

3 We ate within the riad one night after a day out, although a bit on the expensive side, the food was great! Location couldn't be better.
2 We ate within the riad one night after a day out,
3 although a bit on the expensive side, the food was great! 
3 Location couldn't be better.

3 Your about a 10 min walk from the main square (you wouldn't want to be too close) and everything else is within walking distance.

3 We also met Michel, who is a great host and full of chat!Would definitely stay within Dar Zelda again, great value for money and very accommodating
3 We also met Michel, who is a great host and full of chat!
4 Would definitely stay within Dar Zelda again,
4 great value for money and very accommodating

3 Dar Zelda is just enough outside the souks to make for a relaxing respite but close enough to be in the fray in no time.
3 Dar Zelda is just enough outside the souks to make for a relaxing respite but 
3 close enough to be in the fray in no time.

3 Very accommodating staff including their patient driver who met me at the airport late at night due to flight delays.
3 Very accommodating staff 
3 including their patient driver who met me at the airport late at night due to flight delays.

3 A great start to my Moroccan holiday.

3 Michel even arranged a rental car for me for the next leg of my journey.

4 Would definitely come back again.

4 Beautiful haven in a mad place, staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly .
4 Beautiful haven in a mad place, 
3 staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly .

3 Even made sandwiches for the journey home, will go back and definitely stay there again.
3 Even made sandwiches for the journey home, 
3 will go back and definitely stay there again.

3 Nice restaurant just around the corner selling wicked cocktails and cold corona which went down a treat

3 Wonderful little hotel with very attentive and helpful management and staff.
3 Wonderful little hotel 
3 with very attentive and helpful management and staff.

3 We loved the friendly atmosphere, the inclusive olives, water and fresh orange juice and the superb roof top terrace.
3 We loved the friendly atmosphere, the inclusive olives, water and fresh orange juice and 
3 the superb roof top terrace.

3 Make sure to have a look at their master suite and its fantastic interior design, even if you don't stay in there.

3 Brandon was very easy to work with and very pleasant even when I had to keep updating the confirmation because we were a group that kept making changes, he was very sweet about it all.The riad was beautiful, clean and welcoming.
3 Brandon was very easy to work with and very pleasant 
3 even when I had to keep updating the confirmation because we were a group that kept making changes, he was very sweet about it all.
3 The riad was beautiful, clean and welcoming.

3 Michael and the local staff were all very helpful and kind.

2 We were a hectic group of 5 women with very few hours to spend in Marrakesh and with no experience of the area.

3 Brandon was able to arrange for a tour to Ourika Valley which was really nice and we highly recommend.

3 Michael was able to put together a box lunch for us to take along since we were so limited on time and it was all delicious.
3 Michael was able to put together a box lunch for us to take along since we were so limited on time and 
3 it was all delicious.

3 The riad rooms were very nice and well appointed.

3 The facility was clean and the views from the rooftop were super.
3 The facility was clean and
3 the views from the rooftop were super.

2 The riad is hidden in the tiny streets of the medina, very hard to find if you are a first timer however the taxi driver can call the riad and they will help out easily.
2 The riad is hidden in the tiny streets of the medina, 
1 very hard to find if you are a first timer 
3 however the taxi driver can call the riad and they will help out easily.

3 The taxi cannot make it all the way to the door because the alleys are too tight however there is always a porter with a wagon near by that can carry your luggage to/from the riad and the taxi so don't let the location deter you from staying at this beautiful riad.
2 The taxi cannot make it all the way to the door because the alleys are too tight 
3 however there is always a porter with a wagon near by that can carry your luggage to/from the riad and the taxi so don't let the location deter you from staying at this beautiful riad.

3 You can sit and relax on the rooftop, get a little sunning time in, check your emails with free wifi and just relax and enjoy the views.

3 Breakfast includes eggs, bread, coffee, tea, etc, all served on the rooftop in a beautiful setting.
2 Breakfast includes eggs, bread, coffee, tea, etc, 
3 all served on the rooftop in a beautiful setting.

3 There is also room to do your yoga!!

2 We just returned from a long weekend in Dar Zelda.

2 We arrived in the hustle and bustle of the Medina from the taxi arranged through the Riad.

3 Entering the Riad is like entering a another world from the medina, it's quiet and peaceful.
3 Entering the Riad is like entering a another world from the medina,
3 it's quiet and peaceful.

3 We had a fantastic tagine that night and enjoyed a drink on the beautiful roof terrace.
3 We had a fantastic tagine that night and 
3 enjoyed a drink on the beautiful roof terrace.

3 We had trip to the seaside which was good, but much more worth while is visiting the Atlas mountains.

3 We stayed in the grand suite room which was incredible.

3 I thought it put the Bahais Palace (one of the main sites) to shame.

2 As with everywhere in Marrakesh, you are never far from a minaret of a mosque.

2 So expect to hear the call to prayer at around 5.30am.

3 This was not a big deal for us as we easily went back to sleep in our beautiful rooms.

3 We booked the airport transfer for 15 euros and as expected we were picked up from the airport by a taxi.

1 Disappointingly the taxi did not have any seatbelts (which we found was generally the case in marrakech), the taxi then dropped us off in place moukef and introduced us to a man who he told us would show us the rest of the way to the riad, as the streets are so narrow.
1 Disappointingly the taxi did not have any seatbelts (which we found was generally the case in marrakech), 
2 the taxi then dropped us off in place moukef and introduced us to a man who he told us would show us the rest of the way to the riad, as the streets are so narrow.
1 On arrival at the riad we found that we were then expecting to pay this man 200 dirhams.

1 We questioned this with the staff at the riad as we were under the impression that we had paid for transfer from the airport to the riad, but they encouraged us to pay.

1 We were quite disappointed with this as we felt we had been duped.

3 From this point the riad was a nice place to stay, in a great central location, but not much more.
3 From this point the riad was a nice place to stay, 
3 in a great central location, 
1 but not much more.

3 We were provided with food each morning which was really nice, and the rooftop terrace was a perfect place to start the day.
3 We were provided with food each morning which was really nice, and 
3 the rooftop terrace was a perfect place to start the day.

1 The general cleanliness of the riad was a bit poor.

1 Whenever we asked for information Michel or the girls working for him were very keen to help, but we weren't provided with much information without seeking it.
3 Whenever we asked for information Michel or the girls working for him were very keen to help,
1 but we weren't provided with much information without seeking it.

1 On our last day the card machine was broken, so we had to pay with cash which was a bit inconvenient as we had to go to the square to get quite a large amount of cash out.

1 I understand that this may have been unavoidable but it did make things quite difficult for us on our last day.

3 Michel and his team give you a warm welcome, you feel like at home!The interior is sophisicated, sylish with very nice traditional elements.
3 Michel and his team give you a warm welcome,
3 you feel like at home!
3 The interior is sophisicated, sylish with very nice traditional elements.

3 The Girls working at Dar Zelda are nice and extremly helpful.

3 Breakfest or lunch on the Terasse is a dream! The location of the Riad is in the Medina and easy to find, convinient close to the souks.
4 Breakfest or lunch on the Terasse is a dream! 
3 The location of the Riad is in the Medina and easy to find, 
3 convinient close to the souks.

3 we liked our stay very much and recomend Dar Zelda as a nice place to stay.
3 we liked our stay very much and
3 recomend Dar Zelda as a nice place to stay.

1 Our holiday in Marrakech actually got off to a bad start.

1 After our driver (airport transfer) dropped my wife and I on the main street, we were escorted to the entrance of Dar Zelda by a man whom we thought is a staff.

1 Apparently not as he started demanding 200 dirhams for his 'service'.

2 We quickly rang the doorbell and was let in the riad.

3 Michel (the owner/manager) was around and took care of the situation by paying the man off.

3 After which, Michel offered us some tea to soothe our nerves and led us to our room.We had dinner in the riad at night.
3 After which, Michel offered us some tea to soothe our nerves and led us to our room.
2 We had dinner in the riad at night.

2 It was 20 euros per pax - consisting of a 3-course meal - a 3-dish salad starter, a lamb tangine and local desserts.

2 We also had a bottle of red wine for 14 euros.

3 The food quality was good and we enjoyed our food though we wished that the portion for the lamb tangine could be more generous.Breakfast was standard European breakfast with bread and cheese with the occassional Moroccan pastry.
3 The food quality was good and
3  we enjoyed our food though we wished that the portion for the lamb tangine could be more generous.
3 Breakfast was standard European breakfast with bread and cheese with the occassional Moroccan pastry.

3 The cheese omelet, in particular, was excellent.The riad itself was lovely and has a beautiful lounge area on the ground floor and amazing chill-out/dining area on the roof terrace.What stands out is the service - the staff are very friendly and always greet you with a smile.
3 The cheese omelet, in particular, was excellent.
3 The riad itself was lovely and 
3 has a beautiful lounge area on the ground floor and
4  amazing chill-out/dining area on the roof terrace.
3 What stands out is the service - the staff are very friendly and always greet you with a smile.

3 They also take the initiative to hand us toilet rolls when we put on the "Do not disturb" sign.

3 Laundry and Shisha is free and we appreciate the gesture.

3 We met Aladdin on our last night - a very friendly chap who speaks good English.

2 But the ultimate service gesture was......

4 We actually booked the La Carbone room (99 euro/night) but Michel has SLIENTLY upgraded us to the Kenza Suite (185 euro/night).

3 We only found out about this on our last night when we were comparing our room to the pictures on the Dar Zelda website.

4 We really appreciate the gesture.

4 What really stands out was, unlike other hotels, Michel did not even make a song and dance out of this.

4 He just quietly gave us one of his best rooms!The suite was spacious and have an extra lounge area with a sofa bed.

3 Our room itself has another sofa and was beautiful decorated.The only bummer was there was no wifi in our room.
3 Our room itself has another sofa and was beautiful decorated.
1 The only bummer was there was no wifi in our room.

2 You can access wifi in the lounge area on the ground floor.

3 Not a problem especially when you are lazing on the sofa with a glass of wine and smoking shisha!

3 This is a great place to stay.

3 Dar Zelda is very centrally located in the Medina and about a 10 minute walk through the shops to the Big Square

2 The Medina is a maze so it took us two days to realise how centrally located we were, it was fine once we decided to ignore the advice of local people on the streets who claim to be directing you to the big square but actually want you to visit their carpet shop/tannery.

2 Be sure to get the taxi collection from the airport, otherwise the Riad might be hard to find, like I said, the Medina is complex.

3 The room in the Riad was lovely, and well air conditioned, which is much needed in the summer heat.
3 The room in the Riad was lovely, 
3 and well air conditioned, which is much needed in the summer heat.

3 The plunge pool in the court yard was a nice way to relax and the roof-top garden is spectacular.
3 The plunge pool in the court yard was a nice way to relax and
3 the roof-top garden is spectacular.

3 Its amazing how tranquil Dar Zelda is when just outside its walls is the hustle and bustle of the Medina.The staff were lovely and Aladdin was particularly great.
4 Its amazing how tranquil Dar Zelda is when just outside its walls is the hustle and bustle of the Medina.
3 The staff were lovely and Aladdin was particularly great.

4 We inquired about the best way to see the Cascades (a waterfall 3 hours away) and instead of just seeing the Cascades, we saw the Cascades, the Arch, experienced a Hammam, saw Aladdins home town, and met and celebrated the end of Ramadan with Aladdins family.
3 We inquired about the best way to see the Cascades (a waterfall 3 hours away) and instead of just seeing the Cascades, we saw the Cascades, the Arch, experienced a Hammam, saw Aladdins home town,
4 and met and celebrated the end of Ramadan with Aladdins family.

4 This definitely made the trip!I would highly recommend Dar Zelda.

4 Dar Zelda is an absolutely beautiful guesthouse.

4 The photos don't do it justice! We were upgraded on arrival as we were the only guests.

4 The location is excellent - about 2 minutes walk from the souks.

3 The staff were all so accommodating and helpful.

3 The roof-top terrace and plunge pool made the perfect retreat for afternoons when the Marrakesh July heat beat us.

3 The dinner we had at the Riad was really great (if a little more pricey than other local options) but overall Dar Zelda is excellent value for money.
3 The dinner we had at the Riad was really great 
1 (if a little more pricey than other local options) 
3 but overall Dar Zelda is excellent value for money.

1 It is however difficult to locate so definitely opt for the airport pickup as we would have struggled to find it after our late evening flight.

3 Thanks so much Dar Zelda - we hope to return soon!

4 We had a fabulous stay at Dar zelda.

3 Michel and his staff are extremely pleasant and helpful.

3 The location is perfect if you want to experience being in the middle of the old medina.

3 When you need to retreat from the intense atmosphere in the streets, this Riad has a peaceful, great terrace and spacious rooms.
3 When you need to retreat from the intense atmosphere in the streets, this Riad has a peaceful, great terrace 
3 and spacious rooms.

3 Definitely to recommend!

2 Spent 5 days, headed out to the mountains/coast and then 2 more days.

3 Couldn't have been better.

3 Michel and his team..Tissam, Meryem and Alladin made us feel super welcome.

3 They were great with the kids.

3 Good breakfasts on the terrace, and the food that was cooked in the evening was some of the best we had in Morocco.
3 Good breakfasts on the terrace, and 
4 the food that was cooked in the evening was some of the best we had in Morocco.

4 The room that we got on our return, was, it has to be said, the most amazing room I've ever stayed in.

4 Having travelled in over 70 countries, no small feet.A fun, great place, with a very warm atmosphere.

4 Michel and his great staff make Dar Zelda a great place to call "home" now for my wife and me.

4 Dar Zelda has so much magic, because not only is it breathtakingly beautifu decorationl(see the new decor done in December 2012), but in the great hospitality of the staff: Alladin; Meryem, Tissam and of course the best host in Marrakech, Michel!
4 Dar Zelda has so much magic, 
4 because not only is it breathtakingly beautifu decorationl(see the new decor done in December 2012), 
3 but in the great hospitality of the staff: Alladin; Meryem, Tissam and of course 
4 the best host in Marrakech, Michel!

3 We loved our stay! Beautiful roofterrasse, great breakfast, beautiful room.
3 We loved our stay! 
3 Beautiful roofterrasse, 
3 great breakfast, 
3 beautiful room.

3 Alladin and the girl were very helpful and friendly.Great value for money.Only thing: You have to walk through some very small streets to get there.
3 Alladin and the girl were very helpful and friendly.
3 Great value for money.
1 Only thing: You have to walk through some very small streets to get there.

2 Make sure you know the way.

2 We stayed for 4 nights.

3 the riad is nice and clean, the room was quite large and the staff was great.
3 the riad is nice and clean, 
3 the room was quite large and 
3 the staff was great.

3 Mohammed picked us up at the airport and was always there when we needed something.

3 The roof terrace was quite special.

4 The location is perfect.

3 Very central to everything.

3 Overall it was very pleasant.

3 Prices were right.

1 we booked one of the rooms but got downgraded to their most basic room upon arrival, which wasn't a pleasant experience, other than that it was a nice place, but the restaurant they recommended was terrible...
1 we booked one of the rooms but got downgraded to their most basic room upon arrival, which wasn't a pleasant experience, 
3 other than that it was a nice place, 
1 but the restaurant they recommended was terrible...

3 We stayed a couple of nights (for the second time) together with our two young children and enjoyed it very much again.

3 The whole place is a nicely restored beautifull historical house, generously and tastefully (contemporary French/Moroccan) furnished (also in the rooms!), clean, good location, very helpfull and friendly staff (also English speaking).
3 The whole place is a nicely restored beautifull historical house, 
3 generously and tastefully (contemporary French/Moroccan) furnished (also in the rooms!), 
3 clean, good location, 
3 very helpfull and friendly staff (also English speaking).

3 So quite comfortable, also when you are used to luxury venues.

3 The suite is very big, the other rooms are of moderate size but suitable, there are not many rooms.Very good is that they cover the patio in winter time, so even at the chilly nights you can sit there or in the adjacent public room with fire place.
3 The suite is very big, 
3 the other rooms are of moderate size but suitable, 
2 there are not many rooms.
3 Very good is that they cover the patio in winter time, 
3 so even at the chilly nights you can sit there or in the adjacent public room with fire place.

3 The splash pool is also heated, so our children spent an our a day in it playing.Dinner is good if you like to have it there, and breakfast on the large roof terrace is a joy every morning.
3 The splash pool is also heated, so our children spent an our a day in it playing.
3 Dinner is good if you like to have it there, and 
3 breakfast on the large roof terrace is a joy every morning.

3 This place was beyond my wildest dreams in terms of style, comfort and beauty.

3 A private riad/residence, carefully restored with beautiful spacious rooms and a wonderful spacious roof terrace where we spent long warm evenings sipping rose wine and eating olives.
3 A private riad/residence, carefully restored with beautiful spacious rooms
3 and a wonderful spacious roof terrace where we spent long warm evenings sipping rose wine and eating olives.

3 Everything very clean and fresh.

3 The riad is situatied very close to the souk and many good restaurants.

3 We were extremely well taken care of by the very friendly owner couple who made us feel completely at home.

4 This is a trip I will remember for the rest of my life - and I will most definitely return.

4 Cannot recommend this place enough!

4 This Riad is a real gem! Everything, from the stylish antique interiors and spacious, comfortable rooms to the attentive service, exceeded our wildest expectations.It's only a few minutes walk to the Souk (near the Ben Yousef Mosque and the Marrakech Museum), and even closer (100 yards) to our favourite restaurant and bar, Le Fondouk.
4 This Riad is a real gem! 
4 Everything, from the stylish antique interiors and spacious, comfortable rooms to the attentive service, exceeded our wildest expectations.
3 It's only a few minutes walk to the Souk (near the Ben Yousef Mosque and the Marrakech Museum), 
3 and even closer (100 yards) to our favourite restaurant and bar, Le Fondouk.

3 Above all (no pun intended) we loved the big, cosy roof terrace looking out over the Medina.

3 Here, we drank rose wine and watched the beautiful North African sunset while the muezzin called out the evening prayers.

3 The terrace is separated into different sections, allowing for privacy as well as bigger parties.

3 Breakfast, and an unlimited supply of coffee and water, was available completely free of charge.The charming hosts, Michel and Brandon, who even invited us to lunch with them on our last day, really took care of us throughout our stay and made us feel very much at home.
3 Breakfast, and an unlimited supply of coffee and water, was available completely free of charge.
3 The charming hosts, Michel and Brandon, who even invited us to lunch with them on our last day, really took care of us throughout our stay and made us feel very much at home.

3 (They both speak English as well as French, as do the Moroccan staff).

3 Staying att dar Zelda made our first time in Marrakesh a complete architectural experience.

3 This beautiful private house has been restored in exquisite taste.

3 We were lucky enough to stay in the traditional suite of rooms that combinined traditional arabic grandeur with modern comfort in a way that I won't forget in a hurry.

3 I fact, I don't think I have ever stayed in rooms as beautiful as these, anywhere.

3 The roof terrace with the wiew of the minarets was perfect for breakfast and early evening relaxing after the bustle of the streets.The location, close to the northern part of the Souk was perfect for exploring the medina, The staff very friendly and efficient, and made sure we felt perfectly at home in this beautiful city.
3 The roof terrace with the wiew of the minarets was perfect for breakfast and early evening relaxing after the bustle of the streets.
3 The location, close to the northern part of the Souk was perfect for exploring the medina, 
3 The staff very friendly and efficient,
3 and made sure we felt perfectly at home in this beautiful city.

3 Pesonal service from the start, providing a taxi pick up from the airport (for a fee).

3 This car journey is an experience itself - the traffic in Marrakech is manic! As we arrived in the evening, we ate in the hotel the first evening and the food was lovely.We paid for one of the smaller rooms available but it was well sized with a large, comfy bed and very clean.Breakfast was served on the roof terrace which was nicely laid out and very peaceful.
2 This car journey is an experience itself - the traffic in Marrakech is manic! 
3 As we arrived in the evening, we ate in the hotel the first evening and the food was lovely.
3 We paid for one of the smaller rooms available but it was well sized with a large, comfy bed and very clean.
3 Breakfast was served on the roof terrace which was nicely laid out and very peaceful.

3 We enjoyed returning to the riad about 4pm each day and relaxing on the roof terrace with a bottle of wine and a book before heading out in the evening.

3 All staff were very helpful and polite and went out of their way to ensure an enjoyable stay.

3 This included telephoning restaurants on our behalf to make reservations (Le Foundouk) and actually leading us to the restaurant to avoid getting lost in the winding streets!The Riad is close to a mosque with external speakers and so you will hear clearly the prayer chants (including 4am prayers!) but this is part of the Marrakech experience, isn't it?!!I hope that we will be able to return to Dar Zelda again in the future but at the very least I would definitely recommend this to others.
3 This included telephoning restaurants on our behalf to make reservations (Le Foundouk) and 
3 actually leading us to the restaurant to avoid getting lost in the winding streets!
2 The Riad is close to a mosque with external speakers and so you will hear clearly the prayer chants (including 4am prayers!) but this is part of the Marrakech experience, isn't it?!!
3 I hope that we will be able to return to Dar Zelda again in the future but at the very least I would definitely recommend this to others.

2 We just come back from Marrakesh where we spent a week.

3 We stayed at the Riad Dar Zelda and had a wonderfull time.

3 The riad is very well situated, 5 min. walk from "la place aux epices" and 10 min. walk from "la place Jemaa El F'na".

3 The owner, Michel, is very frendly and professional like all the employees, many thanks to all of them and especially Mustapha and Nadja who were so kind and helpfull with us.

3 Our room was a junior suite, plenty of space and very good value.

3 I defenitly recommend this place to stay in Marrakesh.

4 We will come back again for sure.

2 Jerome.

3 We had a wonderful stay - the riad is very well appointed and a great value for the price.
3 We had a wonderful stay - 
3 the riad is very well appointed and a great value for the price.

3 We thought the staff were very welcoming and went out of their way to accomodate us and our small children.
3 We thought the staff were very welcoming and 
3 went out of their way to accomodate us and our small children.

4 When I mistakenly paid twice (once on a credit card, once by cash - it was my mistake, not theirs), the manager jumped on his moto to intercept us at our car and return the money when he realized what had happened.

3 There are many riads in Marrakech now and I couldn't compare it to all of them, but we had a lovely few days here and I would return in a minute.
3 There are many riads in Marrakech now and I couldn't compare it to all of them, 
4 but we had a lovely few days here and I would return in a minute.

2 Amidst the sights, sounds, and smells of Marrakech's markets and souks, it's easy to become overwhelmed.

2 Even if you're only spending a few days in this pink city, you'll find yourself surrounded by both excitement and (sometimes aggressive) enticement from the vendors and locals that make up the Medina's population.

3 Dar Zelda is a lovely, welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of that excitement.

3 Tucked away on a small path, it's interior is charming and sophisticated.

3 The staff is attentive and accommodating.

3 Throughout our stay, we were treated to lovely balance of European hospitality and local custom.

3 Simple rooftop breakfasts in the morning and mint tea in the evening.

3 They are happy to walk with you to restaurants so you don't get lost in the endless criss-cross of streets, score you a bottle of wine for a night in, launder your clothes, or suggest recommendations for better shopping, nightlife and the like.
3 They are happy to walk with you to restaurants so you don't get lost in the endless criss-cross of streets, 
3 score you a bottle of wine for a night in, 
3 launder your clothes, or 
3 suggest recommendations for better shopping, nightlife and the like.

3 Marrakech often times felt more like "travel" than "holiday" because of the locals' tendency towards over-embracing it's tourists (to put it gently), but Dar Zelda managed to become the kind of peaceful home base that one needs if they are looking to find relaxation in this vibrant and colorful city.
1 Marrakech often times felt more like "travel" than "holiday" because of the locals' tendency towards over-embracing it's tourists (to put it gently), 
3 but Dar Zelda managed to become the kind of peaceful home base that one needs if they are looking to find relaxation in this vibrant and colorful city.

3 Oh, and it's proprietors are apparently in the midst of building a spa adjacent to the riad.

3 Landing in this riad after the first cultural shock of Marrakech is just a blessing.

3 Mint tea as a greeting, beautiful and spacious room(The patio was amazing), great staff.
3 Mint tea as a greeting, 
3 beautiful and spacious room(The patio was amazing), 
3 great staff.

3 Almost all is included (water, tea, juice, breakfast), there is wifi which makes it very convenient...and it's difficult to wonder out! The terrace is great and you can see amazing sunset.
3 Almost all is included (water, tea, juice, breakfast), 
3 there is wifi which makes it very convenient...and it's difficult to wonder out! 
4 The terrace is great and you can see amazing sunset.

3 There is a small pool to freshen up (first floor) before sunbathing on the terrace.

3 Michel, the owner, was just the best host.

3 Easy to walk to all places within the Medina and to two amazing restaurants: Founduk and Terrasse des epices.

4 Just a super place to stay in the Medina very near the Souks and the Central Place of Marrakech and with a super great and kind staff ! I do highly recommend such a place for a stay !
4 Just a super place to stay in the Medina 
3 very near the Souks and the Central Place of Marrakech and 
4 with a super great and kind staff ! 
4 I do highly recommend such a place for a stay !

3 We felt welcomed and well taken care of from the moment the driver picked us up at the airport.

4 The staff was exceptional and the rooms rivaled the Bahia Palace, in fact it was better.

3 Our kids loved the hot pool and we all enjoyed the upstairs terrace.
3 Our kids loved the hot pool and 
3 we all enjoyed the upstairs terrace.

3 We had lovely breakfasts and dinners.

3 The bonus was, we could choose wherever we wanted to eat within the Rhiad, one enchanting morning we even ate outside.
3 The bonus was, we could choose wherever we wanted to eat within the Rhiad, 
3 one enchanting morning we even ate outside.

3 We even had an emergency situation came up and without the staff support, I'm not sure what we would of done.

3 We will definitely return!

2 We stopped at the Dar Zelda for a week between Christmas Day 2009 and New Year's Day 2010.We were picked up at the airport by the Dar Zelda chaffeur and after the initial culture shock of the journey, were met a short walk away from the riad by Nouradine, who offered to help with our bags and offered us a drink and settled us in on arrival.
2 We stopped at the Dar Zelda for a week between Christmas Day 2009 and New Year's Day 2010.
2 We were picked up at the airport by the Dar Zelda chaffeur and 
2 after the initial culture shock of the journey, were met a short walk away from the riad by Nouradine, 
3 who offered to help with our bags and offered us a drink and settled us in on arrival.

3 The riad itself was nice, although we stopped in The Room Vegetale - this is the cheapest room and not the best - however we were shown the family suite next door which was beautiful, so you get what you pay for.
3 The riad itself was nice, 
2 although we stopped in The Room Vegetale - this is the cheapest room and not the best - 
3 however we were shown the family suite next door which was beautiful, so you get what you pay for.

3 The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout our stay and I would highly recommend staying for evening dinner at the riad -it was the best food we ate during our entire stay.
3 The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout our stay and
3 I would highly recommend staying for evening dinner at the riad -it was the best food we ate during our entire stay.

4 Another plus point (and totally unexpected) was the Wi-fi connection available free of charge and as I have a smart phone this was just what I needed and saved me a fortune in roaming charges.

3 The room was cleaned every day, with towels changed whenever needed and plenty of hot water.
3 The room was cleaned every day,
3 with towels changed whenever needed 
3 and plenty of hot water.

1 Breakfast was served on the roof terrace - a very pleasant experience.What I would say is that the riad isn't in a very nice part of the medina, tucked away in one of the many side streets, next to an overflowing rubbish bin (it was never emptied in the whole week we were there).
3 Breakfast was served on the roof terrace - a very pleasant experience.
1 What I would say is that the riad isn't in a very nice part of the medina, 
2 tucked away in one of the many side streets, 
3 next to an overflowing rubbish bin (it was never emptied in the whole week we were there).

1 Also, at night, we felt unsafe in the dark in that part of the medina.

1 Also, it is situated right next to a mosque, so the early morning wake up call to prayer(5.40 am in winter, 4 am in summer) was very loud in that particular location.
2 Also, it is situated right next to a mosque, 
1 so the early morning wake up call to prayer(5.40 am in winter, 4 am in summer) was very loud in that particular location.

1 However, we got used to it after a few days and what do you expect? It is Marrakech after all!On the whole, we did enjoy our stay and if it had been in a better part of the medina, then I would have had no hesitation in staying again and recommending it to friends.
2 However, we got used to it after a few days and what do you expect? It is Marrakech after all!
3 On the whole, we did enjoy our stay 
1 and if it had been in a better part of the medina, then I would have had no hesitation in staying again and recommending it to friends.

3 very chic and nice, some of the rooms are decorated with preety much style, hudge bathtubs, great great roof terrass, owner michel really cool gave us good tips about the good restaurants during the long conversation hours on the terrass
3 very chic and nice, 
3 some of the rooms are decorated with preety much style, 
3 hudge bathtubs,
3  great great roof terrass,
3 owner michel really cool 
3 gave us good tips about the good restaurants during the long conversation hours on the terrass

4 We stayed 4 nights at Dar Zelda and it quickly became a home away from home.

4 The staff was very welcoming and helpful, amazing terrace to have your breakfast or to chill when the sun gets too hot in the medina! Make sure to put "having dinner at Dar Zelda" as a must on your list! 5-8 minute-walk through the medina to the Jeema el-Fna.
3 The staff was very welcoming and helpful, 
4 amazing terrace to have your breakfast or to chill when the sun gets too hot in the medina! 
3 Make sure to put "having dinner at Dar Zelda" as a must on your list! 
2 5-8 minute-walk through the medina to the Jeema el-Fna.

2 I've been for 3 times in marrakech.

4 i love it and all those 3 times i stayed at DAR ZELDA.Fantastic and charming Riad in the Medina where you can relax ,enjoy and have such a nice staff to take care of you and to assure all that you need.
4 i love it and all those 3 times i stayed at DAR ZELDA.
4 Fantastic and charming Riad in the Medina where you can relax ,
3 enjoy and have such a nice staff to take care of you and to assure all that you need.

4 I recommended to all my friends and even my mother went there this last week with me and she told me that she will return for sure....me too!!!! 
4 I recommended to all my friends and
4 even my mother went there this last week with me and she told me that she will return for sure....me too!!!! 

4 i will all recommended to all of you...and then please share with me this fantastic experience that is Marrakech and DAR 
4 will all recommended to all of you...
3 and then please share with me this fantastic experience that is Marrakech and DAR ZELDA.

3 Don't miss breakfast at the terrasse or at night to enjoy the african sky....

4 Fantastic riad! Would recommend very highly.Astute, very professional staff, even dealing with demanding American clients!Hope to return next fall.
4 Fantastic riad! 
4 Would recommend very highly.
4 Astute, very professional staff, 
3 even dealing with demanding American clients!
3 Hope to return next fall.

4 We have stayed twice now in Dar Zelda, the first time in the Africane room & the second time in The Tatoui suite, both of which are gorgeous.
4 We have stayed twice now in Dar Zelda, 
2 the first time in the Africane room & the second time in The Tatoui suite, 
4 both of which are gorgeous.

3 We really love Dar Zelda and intend staying there again when we return to Marrakech!If you are looking for a personal experience in the Medina, then this is a great place to stay.
3 We really love Dar Zelda and 
3 intend staying there again when we return to Marrakech!
4 If you are looking for a personal experience in the Medina, then this is a great place to stay.

3 In particular, Michel, Moustafa & Fatima are wonderful! Michel has lived in Marrakech for a long time, is so kind & gracious & has wonderful advice on the city.
3 In particular, Michel, Moustafa & Fatima are wonderful!
2  Michel has lived in Marrakech for a long time, 
3 is so kind & gracious & has wonderful advice on the city.

3 Moustafa & Fatima, who together are the breakfast crew, are absolutely lovely and are so genuine in their hospitality.The downside can come if you are expecting everything to be done exactly when you want it, you may be disappointed.
3 Moustafa & Fatima, who together are the breakfast crew, are absolutely lovely and are so genuine in their hospitality.
1 The downside can come if you are expecting everything to be done exactly when you want it, you may be disappointed.

2 Things move at their own pace, as is true in Morocco in general.

3 Also, Nouradine who is Michel's right hand man, is very nice but can be a little flaky.
2 Also, Nouradine who is Michel's right hand man, 
3 is very nice 
1 but can be a little flaky.

1 we requested in advance to be picked-up on arriving in Marrakech and he sent a taxi driver and then we had to haggle with a boy with a cart for the how much it cost to have had him to carry our luggage (we had assumed this was included in the price of the transfer).
2 we requested in advance to be picked-up on arriving in Marrakech and
2 he sent a taxi driver and 
1 then we had to haggle with a boy with a cart for the how much it cost to have had him to carry our luggage 
1 (we had assumed this was included in the price of the transfer).

1 This was not professional, as the riad has their own SUV.

3 However, that is the only problem we have had in 2 stays, and as far as we're concerned, it is one we can live with as we absolutely love Dar Zelda, it's kind staff and you can't beat it's proximity to everything! You will get a level of service & hospitality that is genuine and makes you feel like you are home.
3 However, that is the only problem we have had in 2 stays, 
3 and as far as we're concerned, it is one we can live with
4  as we absolutely love Dar Zelda,
3  it's kind staff
3  and you can't beat it's proximity to everything! 
3 You will get a level of service & hospitality that is genuine and makes you feel like you are home.

3 It is a beautiful place, a real oasis.

4 In fact, we love it so much, that we are trying to recreate it's decor in our own home!

3 We really liked this riad.

3 The design is sophisticated and modern while at the same time comfortable and homey.
3 The design is sophisticated and modern
3 while at the same time comfortable and homey.

1 The website probably makes it look a little more pristine than it actually is, as there were a few messy spots in the common areas and the white cushions on the roof could have used a washing.
1 The website probably makes it look a little more pristine than it actually is,
1 as there were a few messy spots in the common areas and 
1 the white cushions on the roof could have used a washing.

3 We really loved our room.

3 We booked one of the smaller rooms, and they upgraded us to a great suite with an amazing huge bathtub, a bath in which was a highlight of our stay.
2 We booked one of the smaller rooms,
3  and they upgraded us to a great suite with an amazing huge bathtub, 
3 a bath in which was a highlight of our stay.

3 The location was great for us - it's just a tiny bit off of the main tourist path, near the Museum of Marrakech.
3 The location was great for us - 
3 it's just a tiny bit off of the main tourist path, 
2 near the Museum of Marrakech.

2 Takes about 10-15 minutes to walk though the souks to get to the main plaza (less at night when the streets are empty and more if you get lost).

3 The staff was friendly and laid back, and there aren't a lot of services offered.
3 The staff was friendly and laid back, and
1 there aren't a lot of services offered.

1 Most of the time we were there, there wasn't anyone around that spoke English, but you could call the director on his cell phone.
1 Most of the time we were there, there wasn't anyone around that spoke English,
3 but you could call the director on his cell phone.

3 There was also a computer you could use for internet.

3 After a terrible week at work I decided to throw caution to the wind and book a last minute flight to Morocco.

2 I had heard so many glowing reports from this popular North African country, and as I had travelled in the East and South of the continent I thought I'd give the north a go.

2 Only 3 hours from London I couldn't wait to experience the cultural change of what would usually only be sufficient in flight times to reach Eastern Europe.I was, however, much to the frequent questions and constant frowns from friends and family, travelling alone.
2 Only 3 hours from London I couldn't wait to experience the cultural change of what would usually only be sufficient in flight times to reach Eastern Europe.
2 I was, however, much to the frequent questions and constant frowns from friends and family, travelling alone.

2 I had done this a few times before and had mixed feelings about it.

2 Yet as most of my friends were obliged to travel with their other halves, especially over Valentines Day, I thought I'd brave it alone and make the adventure for myself! I have always found that when travelling toute seul its best to afford some luxury in case things go really wrong.
2 Yet as most of my friends were obliged to travel with their other halves, especially over Valentines Day, 
2 I thought I'd brave it alone and make the adventure for myself! 
2 I have always found that when travelling toute seul its best to afford some luxury in case things go really wrong.

2 I therefore, on the recommendation from two friends at work, decided to stay in the beautiful Dar Zelda Riyad in the Medina, just a 5 minute walk through the maze of colourful souks to the bustling chaotic square that is the Jemaa El Fna.
2 I therefore, on the recommendation from two friends at work, decided to stay in the beautiful Dar Zelda Riyad in the Medina,
3 just a 5 minute walk through the maze of colourful souks to the bustling chaotic square that is the Jemaa El Fna.

3 I was greeted at the airport by a kind looking man, Nourdine, holding a Dar Zelda sign, a good start I thought! He instantly jumped up and shook my hand when I introduced myself in my basic school French.
3 I was greeted at the airport by a kind looking man, Nourdine, holding a Dar Zelda sign, 
3 a good start I thought! 
2 He instantly jumped up and shook my hand when I introduced myself in my basic school French.

3 I was then whisked away in a cool air-conditioned 4x4, as I looked on smugly at the waves of tourists being herded on to crowded tour buses.Arriving at the Riyad after negotiating the death defying allies of the medina I walked into an oasis of calm.
3 I was then whisked away in a cool air-conditioned 4x4, 
2 as I looked on smugly at the waves of tourists being herded on to crowded tour buses.
3 Arriving at the Riyad after negotiating the death defying allies of the medina I walked into an oasis of calm.

3 the cool courtyard provided relief from the heat outside, and I was sat down and instantly given traditional mint tea by its owners, Michel, a charismatic and warm hearted Frenchman, and Brandon, a delightful and welcoming American from South Carolina who to my great relief had efficiently confirmed my booking over the phone in English when I was fretting about how do it in French or even worse Arabic!
3 the cool courtyard provided relief from the heat outside, 
3 and I was sat down and instantly given traditional mint tea by its owners, Michel, a charismatic and warm hearted Frenchman, 
3 and Brandon, a delightful and welcoming American from South Carolina who to my great relief had efficiently confirmed my booking over the phone in English when I was fretting about how do it in French or even worse Arabic!

3 The rooms are each individually tailored and given their own unique names like Chambre Carbone, and Chambre Afriquaine.

3 Traditional lamps and furniture form the Souks adorn the rooms, and bathrooms in their soapstone features added to the overall feeling that I couldnt have been further away from the my pokey flat in West London.
2 Traditional lamps and furniture form the Souks adorn the rooms, 
3 and bathrooms in their soapstone features added to the overall feeling that I couldn't have been further away from the my pokey flat in West London.

2 As there was no travelling companion to plan my adventures with I decided to get out there and J.D.I (Just do it!) A haggling person myself I loved sitting In the shops discussing the price of beautiful camel skin bags for at least an hour whilst all the time saying to myself let him agree to my price and not the other way round! Alas, I agreed to his and we shook hands, both with beaming smiles after our cultural exchange.
2 As there was no travelling companion to plan my adventures with I decided to get out there and J.D.I (Just do it!) 
2 A haggling person myself I loved sitting In the shops discussing the price of beautiful camel skin bags for at least an hour whilst all the time saying to myself let him agree to my price and not the other way round!
2 Alas, I agreed to his and we shook hands, both with beaming smiles after our cultural exchange.

2 I have often found that lone travellers can quickly be ignored by staff at the accommodation you are staying at.

2 You fade into the background, and at some of the worst places I have stayed you even begin to feel like you're in the way.

3 Not so at Dar Zelda.

3 I was given sound advice when planning my itinerates, and was invited to dine with Michele and his friends whenever possible.

3 When tours were organised for the guests I was asked to join in by Nourdine who had become my constant mentor and comedian of a local guide.

3 took us to the markets and out of the medina to the mountains and even got us into Richard Bransons Riyad to have a look around! The food in Morocco is a wonderful blend of herbs and spices and a pleasant assault to the senses.
3 He took us to the markets and out of the medina to the mountains and 
3 even got us into Richard Bransons Riyad to have a look around!
3  The food in Morocco is a wonderful blend of herbs and spices and a pleasant assault to the senses.

3 A vegetable tagine is a must as well as the freshly squeezed orange juice which is served by eager stall vendors in the Jemaa El Fna.

3 At the Riyad, breakfast was served promptly each morning with fresh coffee and croissants.

3 In the evening if you wanted to retreat from the Marrakech madness, dinner was served at whatever time you wanted, no menu required.

3 After 9 days I left feeling refreshed yet sad to leave.

3 I had not only had an amazing time in this colourful and vibrant country but had made some amazing friends.

3 I am now planning my next trip out.

3 Thank you to all at Dar Zelda for making such a memorable experience and making me feel so welcome.

3 Shukran! 

2 A Night at Dar Zelda starts from 69 including breakfast, though prices change according to season.

3 We were met in the medina by the manager Aiden who is British, warm, and extremely helpful.

3 Aiden goes out o his way to make you comfortable, welcome, and is gracious.

3 The hotel is very nice, big rooms and baths, and the staff is second to none.
3 The hotel is very nice,
3  big rooms and baths, and 
3 the staff is second to none.

3 Salah, the concierge, is great and waits on you hand and foot.If you want to stay in a small hotel in the medina, with service that is second to none, enjoy home cooked meals on the roof, feel like you are staying in a small palace owned by the king, and experience special treatment, the Saphire is the one.
3 Salah, the concierge, is great and waits on you hand and foot.
2 If you want to stay in a small hotel in the medina,
3  with service that is second to none, 
3 enjoy home cooked meals on the roof, 3 feel like you are staying in a small palace owned by the king, and
3 experience special treatment, the Saphire is the one.

4 I would stay here again in a heartbeat.

4 the riad itself is beautiful, clean, infinitely photogenic with sunlight bouncing off of marble floors and whitewashed walls, tastefully accented with local craftsmanship.
3 the riad itself is beautiful, clean, 
4 infinitely photogenic with sunlight bouncing off of marble floors and whitewashed walls,
3 tastefully accented with local craftsmanship.

3 The rooftop terrace was our dream living room and dining room.

3 - the owner, manager, staff are warm and welcoming, giving just the right amount of attention and privacy.

2 - ask them to hire a private guide for a half day.

3 We had the most wonderful afternoon with our female guide Ouidad!- the walk to the riad is wonderfully scenic and local feeling.
3 We had the most wonderful afternoon with our female guide Ouidad!-
3 the walk to the riad is wonderfully scenic and local feeling.

3 Marrakech is beautiful and bewitching! Just go and stay at Riad Sapphire!
3 Marrakech is beautiful and bewitching! 
3 Just go and stay at Riad Sapphire!

3 Everything in the Riad is very nice, the staff, the acomodations, the attetion given by the owner who also gave us many touristic advices.
3 Everything in the Riad is very nice, 
3 the staff, 
3 the acomodations, 
3 the attetion given by the owner who also gave us many touristic advices.

1 The only negative point is the access which is a problem is most of the Riads.

2 The Riad Sapphire is within the walled Medina in Marrakech.

2 The Medina like all others is made up of many narrow alleyways.

2 There is a drop-off point to get to the Riad as cars, taxis etc are unable to go through the narrow alleys.

3 The Riad itself is stunning when leaving the noise and heat of the alleyways and entering this beautifully Moroccan styled 'home'.

3 There is a plunge pool to cool off in after the heat of Marrakech.

3 A beautiful courtyard set in marble allows you to relax and this is also one of the places where breakfast can be eaten.
3 A beautiful courtyard set in marble allows you to relax and 
3 this is also one of the places where breakfast can be eaten.

3 The rooms are very clean with air-conditioning and typically Moroccan decor.
3 The rooms are very clean with air-conditioning and
3  typically Moroccan decor.

3 There are only a few rooms so the Riad Sapphire is a place of peace and tranquility set aside from the busy, noisy and fast placed life outside in the streets of Marrakech.
3 There are only a few rooms so the Riad Sapphire is a place of peace and tranquility 
3 set aside from the busy, noisy and fast placed life outside in the streets of Marrakech.

3 There is also a roof terrace where you can eat or simply lie and relax on the comfortable sun loungers or couches.
3 There is also a roof terrace where you can eat or
3  simply lie and relax on the comfortable sun loungers or couches.

3 What made this truly spectacular was the help from Manager Aidan Webster.

3 He did everything he could to make our stay as stress free as possible.

3 He helped with places to eat, directions through the Medina, places of interest to visit and also arranging a tour to the Atlas Mountains.
3 He helped with places to eat,
3  directions through the Medina, 
3 places of interest to visit and 
3 also arranging a tour to the Atlas Mountains.

3 A thoroughly enjoyable and pleasant stay in typical Moroccan surroundings.

3 Beautiful hotel with great breakfasts every morning.
3 Beautiful hotel with
3  great breakfasts every morning.

3 Attention to detail in decor and presentation of food at breakfast was very good.
3 Attention to detail in decor and 
3 presentation of food at breakfast was very good.

3 Staff helpful and friendly.

3 Aidan, the Manager could not have done any more for us as nothing seemed to be of any bother to him, going above and beyond the duty.
3 Aidan, the Manager could not have done any more for us as
3  nothing seemed to be of any bother to him, 
3 going above and beyond the duty.

4 would recommend this Riad as we had a fantastic time there

2 I stayed here for just one night, and was the only guest.

3 The riad is newly renovated and tastefully done.

3 The rooms are elegant without being over the top.

3 There is a useful plunge pool (it's 45 degrees here at the moment).

4 Service is excellent.

3 Breakfast was lovely.

3 Had a massage in the spa which was one of the best I've had in years.

3 Location is pretty good if a little hard to find.

15 mins to the main square but through the souks so a great walk.

4 Incredible value when you think about it.

3 There are more opulent riads in Marrakech but, at least for me, Sapphire is comfort and service at the perfect level.

3 Would not hesitate to stay here again.

3 This was a lovely find - calm and cool inside and a birds eye view of Marrakech from the roof terrace.
3 This was a lovely find - calm and cool inside and 
3 a birds eye view of Marrakech from the roof terrace.

3 Food was delicious and staff were very friendly and helpful.
3 Food was delicious and 
3 staff were very friendly and helpful.

3 It was out of the hustle and bustle.

3 Gorgeous, spacious rooms and super clean riad.

3 The breakfasts were absolutely gorgeous, served where and when you wanted.

3 Cool, refreshing pool which was the perfect antidote to the heat of the medina.

3 The staff were utterly charming, friendly and couldn't be more helpful.

3 We were given an umbrella for the rain, advice about anything we asked about, help with directions and just good banter which made us feel so, so welcome.

3 We'd also recommend dinner here.

3 The chef is great and the roof terrace is an extremely atmospheric place to dine.

3 Thanks to all at Riad Sapphire!

3 Arriving in Marrakesh can be a little unnerving for some, but the staff at the Riad made sure that we felt safe and even went for a walk with us to get our bearings, recommending us places to eat and explaining local customs.


3 The Riad is wonderful with a wonderful rooftop terrace and we especially liked that breakfast was served whenever we got up even if that was after midday.

3 Thanks for a wonderful stay.

3 We had a reunion of 7 friends and found the Riad Sapphire a perfect venue -- very comfortable, stylish and well-situated within the old city.

3 The staff were very helpful and accommodating throughout our stay - helping with a guided tour as well as drinks and dinner on the roof terrace as the sun set over Marrakesh.

3 We are here at the moment and being looked after exceptionally well.

3 The staff and facilities are superb.

3 Perfect Setting and breakfast.

3 Even in the searing heat the courtyard is very cool.

3 Had dinner on the rooftop last night under the stars.

4 Fabulous

3 Great riad.

3 Very friendly and accommodating.

3 Always checking we were ok.

3 Room was beautiful and comfortable.

3 Great breakfast too!We got a transfer from them with Mohamed with Mali tours who then drove us to and from Essouira in nice MPV and was super helpful also.

3 great guy and very trustworthy.

2 His number is +212 667994778 but the Raid can put you in touch with him too

3 There are plenty of Riads to choose from in Marrakech but this one was a perfect choice for us.

4 Pristinely clean, beautifully designed rooms, gorgeous rooftop terrace and a large pool in the courtyard (it is LARGE by Riad standards, but small for anyone outside Moroccoit does the trick for a cold plunge).

3 The Riad is located in a quieter, residential part of the northern Medina with easy access into the main paths of the Medina.

3 Breakfast is served every morning and is included as part of your stay.

1 The meal is the same every morning.

3 In addition to crepes or other sweets and freshly pressed orange juice, the cook will make you a simple omelette.

3 While the breakfast is good, the dinner is amazing.

3 We had dinner here once during our stay and the Tagines and Moroccan salads were some of the best we had (and we had a lot of them!)Adrian, the Riad Manager, was accommodating and very helpful in organizing airport transfers and local guides for our first day in Marrakesh.

3 We had a chance to use the Hammam and get massages on site.

3 It is a small space and really is best suited to having a treatment for one.

1 The service could be improved, it was a little disorganized and given the language barriers a little awkward at times since there was confusion over the fact that there were two of us but only one massage room.

3 The Riad itself is amazing value and a perfect home away from home!

3 I was welcomed by the Riad manager, Aidan, who patiently showed me how to navigate the similar streets of the Old Town.

3 The rest of the staff were incredibly friendly and happy to go the extra mile - I am gluten-free and this was easily accommodated for.

3 The Riad itself was beautiful with a very sophisticated decor - in particular on the roof terrace.I definitely recommend!

3 We were only going to be in Marrakech for three days and I wanted the colleague who was traveling with me to experience it all: Moroccan tradition and modernity, comfort and style, easy access to cultural historical sites, and within reach of the meetings that had brought us to Marrakech.

3 Riad Sapphire proved to be an ideal choice.

3 We opted each had a beautiful, well-appointed, immaculately clean room and its own ensuite bath and/or shower.

4 The staff was friendly and helpful to a fault, attentive to every detail of our arrival and stay, and so hospitable we felt like guests in their homes.I'll definitely stay there again and have already recommended it to friends who are travelling from Toronto to Marrakech in June.

4 Absolutely fantastic, could not fault it.

3 So glad we decided to stay here.

4 Completely worth the money.

4 The staff were so friendly and helpful.

3 The riad itself is beautiful.

3 We have already talked about visiting again next year!

4 Having been to Marrakech before and stayed at some equally beautiful riads, I can say with confidence that Riad Sapphire tops the list.

4 I booked this stay for my friends 21st birthday, looking for a relaxing weekend away and it did not disappoint.

2 As two young girls in Marrakech I was slightly apprehensive when booking and reading that there was a short walk to the Riad.

4 This was not an issue at all, the staff were there to ensure whenever we got a taxi to and from the Riad they would arrive to accompany us back to the Riad and vice versa! This service was impeccable, as well as the rest of the service and staff back in the Riad.

4 The Riad itself is beautifully decorated, absolutely spotless, and bears one of the larger roof terraces amongst Riads in Marrakech.

3 The room was beautiful (we stayed in Peridot), and the food we were served on the roof terrace one evening was delicious too.

4 The recommendation to eat at the local Dar Zellij restaurant was fantastic.

4 And the affiliated taxi company to the Riad, with driver Mo made our trip even more enjoyable!  I can speak nothing but incredible things about this riad, and being a young traveller that seeks out new places to stay on every trip I will definitely be breaking tradition for this Riad, and am positive I will return in the near future.

3 Thank you to all the staff for being on hand, both before and during our trip.

4 My family and I have just returned after spending a week at Riad Sapphire , and I cannot speak highly enough of the excellent attention and friendly service which we experienced.

3 3 The manager and all of the staff made sure that all our requirements were met and made our stay memorable.

3 The staff and facilities at Riad Sapphire were wonderful.

3 They met us at the taxi drop-off point, great orientation, and full support throughout the weekend.

3 Supportive all the way through the three days.

3 The Riad is relatively new, and sparkling clean and white.

3 Lovely roof terrace for breakfast or sunsets.

3 Located away from the more touristy areas but still in the old medina with friendly community around.

3 We walked everywhere, and greatly enjoyed the history and culture.

3 Riad staff Aidan organized a half-day medina tour which was excellent.

3 All in all, a wonderful place to stay!

3 Just back from Riad Sapphire.Riad was spotless, our evening meal on arrival even though late at night was truly wonderful.

3 The breakfast was also amazing even made fried eggs for myself.

3 The staff were very welcoming and helpful.

3 We have been to Marrakesh four times and I must say this is the best Riad we have stayed at so far.

3 Only a short walk through the Medina to the square.Thank you to all staff for making our stay one to remember.

3 Great ace relaxed serene and wonderful contrast to hustle bustle of outside.

3 Also beat massage I've ever had.

3 Sweet staff and gorgeous decor.

3 Nice clean fresh simple food too - a good thing in Morrocco!  

3 I loved the traditional interior (painted a fresh white).

3 Beautiful roof terrace, stylish & spotless rooms/bathrooms, excellent plumbing, good food.

3 The staff were friendly, efficient and unintrusive.

3 From before we arrived to when we left, we had a wonderful time at Riad Sapphire.

3 Getting to and from the riad was made so simple with the airport pickup and drop off and having our bags carried from the taxi to the riad.The riad is recently renovated and is very stylishly done.

3 We stayed in the Cinnabar room which was both spacious and comfortable.

3 The public areas of the riad are also very comfortable and homely, including the roof terrace complete with sun loungers.Everyone in the riad was very helpful and informative about Marrakech, from Aidan the manager and Beryl, one of the sister owners, to the staff who worked in the riad.

3 We couldn't have been made to feel more welcome.

3 Providing a mobile phone for use when out and about in Marrakech was a nice touch, making us feel more sure of ourselves where it can be confusing about location in the Medina.My wife had a spa treatment which she found very good though the exfoliation is not for the fainthearted!We love Marrakech and have now found a wonderful oasis in the hubub of the Medina in this wonderful city.

3 I'm sure we will return to Marrakech and when we do Riad Sapphire will be our first choice of where to stay.

3 On arrival my husband & I were welcomed by Beryl & Aidan.

3 We had pre-booked a meal which was delicious.

3 Our room was very clean & comfortable, with an excellent shower.

3 The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.

3 Nothing was too much trouble for them.

3 We were given maps to help us get into the town which is a 20 minute walk if you don't take a wrong turn! We had dinner in Le Jardin and Cafe Arabe and we would recommend both restaurants.

3 The food was excellent and the wine was reasonably priced.

3 There are local gardens which are well worth a visit, very tranquil with a beautiful cafe in a lovely courtyard.

3 We are very happy to recommend this Riad.

3 Such a beautiful riad, thoughtfully designed and decorated with a wonderful roof terrace and stunning views of the Atlas Mountains.

3 It's a different experience staying in a riad, much more personal than a hotel and the staff were so friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.

3 They went the extra mile to make sure that I was well looked after.

3 The food was good, both the breakfast and the evening meals were excellent.

3 A great experience, I highly recommend it.

3 My sister and I stayed at Riad Sapphire and had a wonderful time.

3 3 All staff were friendly and helpful and the Riad is beautiful.

3 Restaurants and taxis were booked for us on request and we were accompanied to and from the taxi drop off/pick up at night time.

 3 We were also given a mobile phone that we could have used if we had got lost.

3 All these things enabled us to feel safe and confident enough to explore Marrakech fully.

3 The breakfast was delicious and plentiful and the supper we had on the first night was tasty too.

3 We each had a hammam and massage in their spa, which was both relaxing and a real experience! The location of the riad is excellent, only a short walk from the souks/museums and around 20 minutes to the main square.

3 It is impossible to escape the sound of the call to prayer, but I can honestly say that I was not disturbed in the early morning (I feared I would be as I am a light sleeper) and it was fascinating to watch/listen to from the roof terrace, as the sun went down and all the city lights went on.I extend a big thank you to Barbara and everyone else who made our stay so wonderful.

3 To anyone reading this review, you wont regret booking Riad Sapphire!

3 A delightful riad well located for exploring the medina and souks.

3 Once we had mastered our location - thanks to Aidan's helpful guidance - we were easily able to explore the city on foot.

3 We enjoyed a pre-booked evening meal on arrival and it was delicious.

3 Our room was comfortable, spacious and tastefully furnished.

3 The design of riads all with windows opening centrally mean that the noise level is very dependent upon the other guests; we were lucky and enjoyed real peace and quiet, except for the neighbouring cockerel which did wake us very early each morning (that's medina life for you).We had good weather and found time to relax on the roof terrace one afternoon, gazing over the rooftops of the city and catching glimpses of the snow-topped Atlas mountains.
2 The design of riads all with windows opening centrally mean that the noise level is very dependent upon the other guests;
3 we were lucky and enjoyed real peace and quiet, 
1 except for the neighbouring cockerel which did wake us very early each morning (that's medina life for you).
3 We had good weather and found time to relax on the roof terrace one afternoon, gazing over the rooftops of the city and catching glimpses of the snow-topped Atlas mountains.

3 It was a wonderful setting.When we first arrived our room had mistakenly been set up as a double when we had requested twin beds.
3 It was a wonderful setting.
1 When we first arrived our room had mistakenly been set up as a double when we had requested twin beds.

1 Barbara quickly spotted the mistake but when we asked for it to be changed that evening (9pm ish) she made us feel we were being difficult, though did reluctantly agree.
3 Barbara quickly spotted the mistake 
1 but when we asked for it to be changed that evening (9pm ish) she made us feel we were being difficult, though did reluctantly agree.

1 Throughout our stay we subsequently felt that Barbara was functional in her dealings with us rather than friendly (e.g.when she saw us she never enquired how our day had gone).

1 This did not unduly affect our stay, as Aidan was always helpful, but I would say that her lack of warmth may not suit some visitors.
2 This did not unduly affect our stay, 
3 as Aidan was always helpful,
1 but I would say that her lack of warmth may not suit some visitors.

3 I just returned from Marrakech, where my fiance and I stayed at the lovely Riad Sapphire.

3 We highly recommend it! It is run by sisters Barbara and Beryl, and manager Aidan who were all extremely warm, friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.

3 Honestly, it felt like we were staying with family.

3 The rest of the staff there were also delightful.

3 Young Mohammed was wonderful, nothing too much trouble, and we were delighted to find out that his mother cooks in the kitchen, and was the one responsible for the first class food we enjoyed there on a couple of occasions.

3 Probably the best traditional tangines we ate in Marrakech, and we went to some of the best restaurants! On one of the evenings, we had our dinner on the lovely roof terrace, just the two of us under the stars, very romantic.

3 The Riad itself was spotless, and has been recently lovingly and stylishly restored, with hand-carved detailing, and has its own little spa, where we had a thoroughly, exfoliatingly enjoyable Hamam experience together.

3 If ever we return to Marrakech, we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.

3 Just what the doctor ordered.

4 Just returned from an excellent Spring Break in Marrakech made all the better by the quality of the Riad Sapphire and Spa.

3 A very well decorated and presented Riad with excellent staff.

3 Everything about the stay was first class.

3 A very nice breakfast was served and all questions were dealt with efficiently and pleasantly.

4 Highly recommended.

3 We were given a very warm welcome by the owner and the manager Aidan.

3 The Riad is excellent value for money, very modern and Aidan and the staff were very helpful throughout our stay.

3 The room was clean and spacious and food served at the Riad was very good.

3 This review is long overdue - we stayed at the Riad Sapphire and Spa for 5 nights in mid-February and it could not have been more special or amazing.

3 We were met from our taxi by Barbara, one of the owners, and she showed us back to the Riad - so helpful for the first time as the tiny streets can be confusing! 

3 Back at the riad Barbara gave us a couple of maps and pointed out the key places to go and recommended a sort of plan.

3 We had some lovely mint tea and Moroccan pastries which just made our arrival perfect! That evening, Aidan walked us down to the main square Jemaa El-Fna which again was invaluable because the little streets and souks are completely confusing until you've done the route a couple of times.

3 These little touches were hugely appreciated.We stayed in the Citrine suite which was beautiful with all the lemon furnishings.

3 Loved the toiletries in the bathroom! The riad itself is so beautiful - very tastefully decorated and very light and airy.

3 The roof terrace was wonderful for whiling away some hours in the sun with a book.

4 We had a wonderful hammam and massage - would highly recommend this for a relaxing experience!We ate dinner at the riad once during our stay but definitely should have eaten in more often - the food was exquisite and it was a lovely, peaceful atmosphere.

3 The riad doesn't serve alcohol but they were more than happy for us to enjoy the wine we had picked up at the supermarket the day before.
1 The riad doesn't serve alcohol 
3 but they were more than happy for us to enjoy the wine we had picked up at the supermarket the day before

3 Tips for around and about - we had drinks and dinner at Dar Zellij which was beautiful and delicious and two minutes round the corner!

3 Aiden organised a great day trip to the Atlas Mountains for us - very reasonable and completely worth it as the landscape was beautiful.

1 Unfortunately partway through our stay a large group joined the riad and they weren't completely considerate in terms of noise and late night gatherings.

1 The riad is very open plan and noise travels easily, so this group interrupted the peace and tranquility that we had been loving.

3 No fault of the riad, but just something to consider if you are a light sleeper.All in all we could not fault our stay at the riad.

3 Everybody made us feel exceedingly welcome and the little extras like walking us to the medina square were unecesssary but much appreciated.

3 I don't think either of us has experienced service like that before.

4 Please make sure if you are travelling to Marrakech that you don't stay anywhere else! The Riad Sapphire is a very special and beautiful place, and we couldn't have asked for anywhere more perfect.

4 It is an oasis in the busy streets and the staff deserve huge credit for creating such a welcoming and lovely atmosphere.Thank you for a fantastic stay! Chloe and Gareth (Citrine).

4 Im not really sure I can add to all the wonderful comments that have already been said about Riad Sapphire, all the positive reviews are absolutely spot on, but I will try anyway.From the moment we made our booking to our final farewells everything was meticulous.

2 Before our arrival we had several email conversations about our pick up and drop off at the airport, required spa treatments, booking a private guide, lunch requirements and more.

2 We were met at the airport by Mohamed who took us to our drop off point near the Riad as it isnt accessible via car.

3 Aiden (the Manager) came to meet us and was happy to carry our bags for the 5 minute walk to the property.

3 On arrival we were offered refreshments whilst completing the booking in process.We were booked into the Sapphire room which is on the ground floor.

3 3 I believe this is one of the smaller rooms but it certainly didnt feel small and had plenty of space and was decorated beautifully.

3 It was clean, bright and airy, the bed was comfortable and the shower worked well.

3 As we had had a very early start we decided to take it easy on our first day and arranged to have lunch at the Riad, which we did whilst relaxing on the roof terrace in the sun.

3 The food was freshly prepared and delicious.

3 Lunch was then followed by a Hamman by Hanane which was amazing and well worth experiencing.

2 In the evening we ventured out on our own and surprised ourselves by not getting lost!

2 Breakfast was served in the courtyard which consisted of fresh fruit salad, yoghurt, fresh orange juice, omelette of your choice, pancakes, bread, preserves and tea or coffee.

3 all freshly prepared, beautifully presented and very healthy.

3 Whilst staying at Riad Sapphire we both also had a full hour long body massage which was really relaxing and far better value than any spa treatments that you get in the UK.

3 Barbara (the owner), was often around, along with Aiden and they were always more than happy to advise or help as were all the staff who were always smiling.

3 Nothing was too much trouble.

3 On request prior to our arrival the team arranged for us to have a half days private guide Ouidat, who was incredible and helped make our stay informative and enjoyable.

3 We would thoroughly recommend having a guide if this is your first visit and want to really feel this vibrant, crazy city.

3 Barbara and Aiden recommend (and booked) for us to eat at Dar Zellij for our Anniversary meal on our last night, it was a perfect choice to end a wonderful special celebratory weekend.

3 We would like to thank Barbara, Aiden and the whole Riad Sapphire team for going the extra mile in helping make our weekend in Marrakech a truly unforgettable experience.

3 Thank you also for the beautiful flowers that were in our room to celebrate our anniversary.

4 We look forward to our next visit to Marrakech and stay at Riad Sapphire and will definitely be recommending you.

4 Very rarely have I stayed in a hotel where the reviews I've read prior to going actually lived up to the hype.

4 My first visit to Marrakech was truly an amazing experience and our stay at the riad played a large part in that.

4 Tucked away in what at first seemed like the middle of nowhere is this hidden gem and rather stunning, modern riad.

4 Straightaway you feel at home.

3 The team there are lovely and very welcoming.

4 All the food is home cooked and absolutely delicious (generous African portions).

3 We stayed in the Amber room, a decent sized airy space with a sun roof which was very relaxing.

3 Loved the toiletries, deliciously scented.

4 The roof terrace had stunning views overlooking the Medina, with the Atlas Mountains in the background.

3 If you wanted to you could ask to have your breakfast up there.

3 We enjoyed a Hammam and full body massage at the spa, which we booked as part of their winter spa package deal.

3 As two people who live very busy hectic lives this was just the relaxing break we needed.

3 Great place to unwind especially after taking on the hustle and bustle of the medina and souks.

3 We couldn't have asked for anything else from Aiden and the team.

3 They were all very helpful at giving you information on the surrounding area.

3 If you've never visited Marrakech before, I would recommend booking the local tour guide, which you can do through Aiden (very informative and a great way to get your bearings).

4 Highly recommend.

3 A truely pleasant stay.

3 We really felt that we had fallen on our feet after picking this riad from a large number on the Internet.

4 We enjoyed our stay enormously - everything from the warm welcome with mint tea and Moroccan pastries to our final meal when our table was set by the fire and the candles lit.

4 Perfect! Both Barbara and Aidan were very helpful as were the other staff.

3 Nothing seemed to be too much trouble yet the help was not intrusive and the atmosphere was relaxed.Our room was comfortable, the shower was hot and water plentiful and there were some good toiletries.

3 I particularly liked the rose-scented soap! 

3 It was also very nice to have heating in the room when we required it as the later evenings and first thing in the mornings can be cool in February.

3 Delighted with the food too - the cutlery/crockery was always sparkling- good breakfasts with fresh orange juice, fruit salad, crepes, omelettes etc.

3 And some delicious coffee to start the day.

3 We stayed in for a couple of dinners by ordering in the morning and having it freshly cooked just for us.

4 What luxury! I can recommend the soup, the beautiful salads, the chicken with preserved lemons and olives, and the chocolate pudding...so thanks to the excellent cook.

3 We spent a few afternoons on the roof terrace where there are sun beds and a nice seating area - the perfect spot to relax and read with views of the distant snowy Atlas Mtns.We did wonder, when we booked, if the riad was a little too far north but this turned out not to be the case.

3 It became easy to find our way to the main square with only a few wrong turnings to start with.

3 It was a blessing to be in a quiet area a little way from the frenetic souks.

3 I would recommend a massage in the riad too for complete relaxation- we had the works!We very much enjoyed our stay in Marrakech which was in no small part due to the Sapphire Riad.

3 As the title says "an absolute delight"!

3 My second visit to Marrakech, both times in Riads owned by the same propritaire.

3 A warm welcome makes you feel at home straight away.

3 3 All the staff are very friendly and helpful, nothing is too much trouble.

3 I ate very well, always plenty of choice as long as you ordered in the morning, as every thing is cooked fresh.

3 Rooms are all on suite, very clean and comfortable.

3 Trips outside of Marrakech can all be arranged via Aiden the Riad Sapphire manager.

3 Whether you want to bargan in the souks or just relax with a mint tea, you are in easy walking distance.

3 We have just visited Marrakech for the first time and it was one of our best ever trips.

3 I have to say that the Riad Sapphire had a lot to do with that! They made it all SO easy.

3 Barbara and Aidan gave us all the information we needed.

3 3They arranged airport pick-up, gave us a cell phone in case we needed to contact them, advised on the sites to visit and how to get to them, and managed to find a driver who was able to drive us through the Atlas Mountains and back without my feeling travel sick at all.

3 And the staff were wonderful.

3 They were so helpful, from taking us to the main square to even cooking a special cake for my allergic husband.

3 The Riad itself is not only spotlessly clean and comfortable, it is absolutely beautiful.

3 Just a pleasure to stay in.

3 Honestly, we have visited many places and this trip is one of the best thanks to the Sapphire.

4 I can't recommend it strongly enough.

3 Found the Riad Sapphire on Trip Advisor after some other favorites (at twice the price) were fully booked.

4 And, wow, did we luck out! We were a professional design team (two women) traveling on business, picky about our B & Bs, our food, our location, etc.

4 Riad Sapphire did not disappoint during a six night stay in February.

3 The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, always available, but not intrusive.

2 The spa hamman and massages became a nightly ritual.

3 The gourmet meals cooked for us and served in front of a warm fire in the den were preferable to even the best restaurants we frequented.

3 Initially we felt far from the center of the souks, but once we realized it was easier than we thought to find our way, we were actually glad to be in a more quiet location.

3 the interior decor was a soothing white with a dash of color and curated art & objets.

3 There is really nothing quite like a devoted British host.

3 Barbara was very professional, but also as accessible as an old school chum.

3 Aidan, the new maitre d'hotel, was the Energizer Bunny himself, popping up just when needed.

3 Mohammed cheerfully accompanied us in and out of the winding alleys whenever we requested his guidance.

4 The beds were excellent, duvets plentiful, the electric heaters in the rooms were new and efficient, and I lust for whatever the shampoo was that was stocked in the bathrooms.

3 A big thanks to all for making a working visit more like a vacation.

3 Authentic Riad but very clean and comfortable, Felt at home staight away.

3 Staff very friendly and helpful.

3 Locals also friendly.

3 Owner gives you plenty of advice on where to go, what to do and what not to do.

3 The Trip was a Last Minute decision with no planning in advance but luckily we stayed at Riad Sapphire.

3 Barbara gave us ecxellent advice and support and she also arranged a one day trip for us when we wanted to see more of Moroc.

3 It was just a perfect stay.

3 We stayed in this riad for 4 nights in January 2015 and the stay was absolutely amazing.

3 We wanted to stay in a riad to get the most out of our stay in Marrakech, and that I recommend everyone to do when you come to Marrakech, you won't miss the big hotels at all.

3 As there are many riads in Marrakech, using tripadvisor I had a hard time selecting the perfect one.

3 So I had to google around and found this luxury boutique riad, and yes it was perfect.

3 We booked the stay from their official webpage, and I do recommend that as the prices are cheaper and also you can book airport transfer and meal on arrival.We booked the airport transfer, and i do recommend that because it can be difficult to find the way to the riad.
3 We booked the stay from their official webpage, and I do recommend that as the prices are cheaper and also you can book airport transfer and meal on arrival.
2 We booked the airport transfer, and
1 i do recommend that because it can be difficult to find the way to the riad.

3 We were picked up from the airport by a very friendly driver who drove us to the medina.

3 In the medina Barbara, one of the owners of the riad, was waiting for us, she welcomed us and then guided us to the riad which was about 4-5 min walk from the parking.

3 The first walk to the riad was truly an awesome experience and then to walk into the beautiful riad was even more astonishing.

3 We were welcomed by the staff and served fresh mint tea.

3 We were given information abput the riad and map over the city.

3 We were also offered a cellphone with local number for 100 dr deposit, we could use the cell for emergency use, like if we got lost in the medina etc.

3 We felt extra safe by carrying the cell with us around.

3 Barbara and the staff of the Riad Sapphire were really nice and always helpfull.

3 They all took really good care of us.

3 We were given a complimentary room upgrade upon arrival, and from there everything just got better and better.

3 The whole riad is super clean and so well-decorated.

3 Nice details all over and a lovley roof terrace with 360 degrees view of the red city.

3 We had freshly prepared breakfast every day, so lovley.

3 The location was perfect for exploring the Medina, and it took us about 20-25 min walk to the main square.

3 There is plenty to see on the way to the square and we enjoyed our daily walks.

3 The riad is loacted away from the busy and noisy areas of the medina, but still being close enough for exploring by foot.

3 We appreciated this alot and felt we could relax in peaceful enviroment after a busy day.

3 We want to thank everyone at Riad Sapphire for making our trip to Marrakech so memorable, and we can highly recommend this riad to everyone and will surley go back.

3 My daughters and I just returned from a two week trip to Morocco over Christmas and luckily, by pure chance found the Riad Sapphire in Marrakech on line.

3 What a hidden gem this Riad is.

3 The owners Barbara and Beryl made sure that our every need was taken care of, from airport transfers, helping with the retrieval of lost baggage, being met by Muhammed who guided us back to the hotel and was on hand for all sorts of requests.

3 They even purchased bus tickets for our on-going travel while we were away on a camel trek.

4 This Riad is a wonderful place to stay: it is beautiful, the rooms are just delightful, the food prepared by the amazing Fatima was delicious, and impeccable service from all the other members of the staff.

3 They were always smiling, even during a random power cut during dinner one night.

3 Nothing fazed them.

3 We were given a cell phone on our arrival, during our welcome chat, and told to use it if we got lost and needed rescuing or help in any way.

3 So comforting, because the little streets are very easy to get lost in.

3 I cannot recommend this place highly enough, it set a very, very high standard for the rest of our trip, and was by far the best place we stayed.

4 I have never written a review before, but I wanted to following my stay here!Staying at the Sapphire Hotel and Spa was the best decision that we made when travelling to Marrakech.

4 We have just arrived back after spending 4 nights there, and we already miss it.

4 The location is excellent; a short walk to the markets and close to the taxis.

3 An airport transfer was arranged from the airport to the Riad, which was extremely useful as it would be easy to get lost otherwise! It is a hidden jewel amongst the streets, one that would not expect to find until you step inside.

3 It has been decorated beautifully.

3 We stayed in the Topaz suite which features a four poster bed and an extraordinary dome ceiling.

3 Upon arrival, you are treated with mint tea and moroccan pastries, and are told key facts about the city; places to go and visit, to eat and given useful tips and hints about the local area.

3 We were given a phone with numbers for the Riad, to use if we got lost.

3 We also received maps and key attractions were pointed out.

3 On our first outing, Muhammad was kind enough to be our guide and show us the way to the main square.

3 By the end of the day we felt like we knew the area well and I am glad to say that we didn't need to use the phone during our stay.Breakfast is delicious, served by a talented cook and attentive staff.

3 The ingredients used are fresh and bought locally.

3 Being someone who doesn't usually eat breakfast, it was my favourite meal of the day in Marrakech! We would also definitely recommend having dinner at Riad Sapphire at least once during your stay.

3 Make sure you set some time aside for the spa; Hanan is brilliant and we enjoyed the massages and facials.This is a beautiful and relaxing Riad, where nothing is too much trouble.

3 They go the extra mile to ensure the trip is perfect.

3 We would specifically like to thank Muhammad, Barbara and Beryl, who looked after us during our stay and made it one to remember.

3 Myself and my family stopped here for 4 nights over the New Year period.Everything was absolutely first class from the pre-arrival communication to the wonderful service throughout our stay.

3 The Moroccan staff led admirably by Fatima were just fantastic and look after our every need with an constant smile, in fact they made a stay in the wonderful City that is Marrakesh!
3 Breakfasts and the evening meals we had at the Raid were of the same very high quality.The tastefully decorated Riad had a lovely fresh feel and the roof terrace afforded a superb place to soak up the sun (yes - even at this time of year).Honestly we couldn't have stopped in a better place.

3 We travelled to Marrakech for Christmas, and found the Riad Sapphire by chance online.

3 It was meant to be.

3 Beverly and Barbara took so much care and attention to make our stay in Marrakech hassle free and memorable, from their online blog and emails before we left to being greeted from our taxi and the chat over mint tea on arrival.

3 We were even given a mobile phone to contact them during our stay should we need it (which we didn't, thanks to all their advice).

3 The Riad is elegantly renovated and our room (Topaz) was calm and beautiful.

3 The staff were warm and friendly, and the cook prepared delicious breakfasts and meals.

3 We enjoyed an authentic professional hammam on site and a relaxing massage.

3 If a friendly, convivial and relaxing atmosphere in the old Medina is what you're after, I would recommend this Riad.

3 We immersed ourselves in the city and walked everywhere, but there is a taxi drop-off only a few minutes away.

3 Our experience of Marrakech was undoubtably enhanced by staying at the Riad Sapphire and Spa.

3 I would like to say how much of a great and relaxing time we had at the Riad Sapphire in Marrakech, the Riad was lovely and so peaceful and just what we was looking for, as we were looking for a relaxing break for me, my sister, my brother and my mum, as we thought we would take my mum away for her birthday.

4 I would say the service was excellent, all the staff were very friendly and helpful, Yvonne who was in charge of the Riad was very helpful, she had a great knowledge of the local area, and told us exactly what to look out for and recommended some great places, her and her lovely team made our break very relaxed and comfortable, I would say this place is ideal for family breaks, couples or even friends, as the location is great and the Riad itself is beautiful.

4 Thanks again to Yvonne and the team, would definitely come back!!

2 A group of us 'took over' this riad in the quieter Marrakesh.

3 The rooms were spacious, the roof terrace a brilliant place to chill out and get the late November sun, the lounge was also a good chill out space.
3 The rooms were spacious, 
3 the roof terrace a brilliant place to chill out and get the late November sun,
3 the lounge was also a good chill out space.

3 The staff were so attentive, making sure we were well looked after.

3 Food was delicious, and we were sad to leave.


3 Very nice place.
3 nice place

3 few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .
2 few different place
3 romantic dinner
3 very nice on beach .

3 we in join stay in this hotel from day one.

2 Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .

4 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. 
2 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel
4 Was essentially thoroughly relaxing

4 The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! 

3 Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
4 Very friendly helpful
2 nothing was too much trouble

4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits.
4 Widdy made us feel very welcome
4 been professional & efficient
4 we will keep fond memories

1 The food was limited only when you ordered & towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior, the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book . 
1 The food was limited only when you ordered
0 towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior
1 the drinks were portrayed incorrectly
1 the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book

1 I inadvertently lost my book on the second last day & replacing was a huge issue as they couldn't work out what was left & told me all was basically utilised (which I knew was incorrect) however they were adamant.

2 I did however end up finding & I still had 5 lunches & 3 dinners left . 

0 There was no apology for the issues & upset our last day .
1 There was no apology for the issues
1 upset our last day

2 With that aside I would come back but in hindsight would keep a copy of my book each day as proof & get receipts for each transaction.

2 we also had someone inadvertently place purchases to our room but the boys at chess bar picked up, so u really need to check each day on your tab or pay as you go. 

2 Overall though we will likely go back wiser and look forward to another relaxing holiday

3 The service staff of the hotel was very friendly and went all out to help.
3 The service staff of the hotel was very friendly
3 went all out to help

2 My spa appointment was booked on the 1st day when I arrived.

2 However, there was some changes to the itinerary that I cant make it to the spa on the 3rd day. 

3 The helpdesk lady was very helpful. 

2 It was near to impossible to change as the 3rd day is a Saturday and the spa booking was full. 

4 However, the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via the helpdesk lady.
3 the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via

4 Kudos to them!

1 One point that the hotel can improve on is perhaps the breakfast menu.
 
1 For the 4 days we stayed, we had the nearly the same international breakfast spread everyday. 
 
1 It would be really fantastic if the menu is varied every other day. Thanks!

4 An absolutely fantastic hotel!!! From the staff to the resort and facilities!! I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
4 I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
4 I can not think of a thing to fault
4 will be back for sure.

4 This was our second stay and have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation. 
4 have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation
4 We can't wait to return :D

4 Wow if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further a different experience to Kuta resorts much quieter area in general but plenty for us to do kids love the kids club the traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless.
4 Wow
4 if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further
3 much quieter area in general
3 plenty for us to do
3 kids love the kids club
4 traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless

4 The restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely and a walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance.
4 restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely
4 sure to stir up some romance
4 walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance

3 Once again like all resorts in Bali I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view after all it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time.
1 it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time
3 I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view

3 A lovely hotel and our second visit.

4 The atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff are great. 
3 The atmosphere is very relaxing
3 staff are great.

3 It has everything that you need. 

3 This was our second time at the hotel and it did not disappoint.
2 This was our second time at the hotel
3 it did not disappoint
1 disappoint

4 Great to see the hotel's General Manager out and about, interacting with guests and making sure everything was up to scratch.
3 interacting with guests
4 making sure everything was up to scratch
 
3 This was our second trip to this hotel and the main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service.
2 This was our second trip to this hotel
3 main attraction was the staff
3 main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service

4 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds which are well laid out and relaxing
4 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds

3 The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture which is aesthetically pleasing. 
2 The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture

3 All services and food outlets are great with a wide choice. 
3 All services and food outlets are great

3 The hotel has a homely feel and the biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy. 
3 The hotel has a homely feel
3 biggest attraction is the private spa
3 biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families
3 biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy

3 Loved it and will be returning again. 

3 This is my second time staying, but I would recommend some music around The pool.
1 I would recommend some music around The pool

1 Also some more food attendees. 

1 Plus bathrooms need renovating so it doesn't get flooded all the time. 

3 All good otherwise

3 This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect, From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.
2 This was our 3rd trip to Bali
2 This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel
This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect
3 From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture
3 From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.

3 The staff were very friendly and helpful from the outset.
3 The staff were very friendly
3 helpful from the outset
 
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings but nonetheless the rooms are clean and functional with a good "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower. 
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places
1 in need of refurbishment
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings
3 rooms are clean and functional
1 "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower.

3 Despite the lush gardens and grassed areas this hotel seemed to have fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced so they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters!
3 lush gardens and grassed areas
3 fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced
3 they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters!

3 The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate and in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing but probably not enough for streaming videos etc. 
3 The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate
3 in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing
1 probably not enough for streaming videos etc. 

2 I believe in room wi-fi is chargeable but wasnt necessary for us. I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect so I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed and coming from the middle east with low speed internet I can only say we were pleasantly surprised.

2 I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect 
2 I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed
 
4 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach and were delighted with the food and service (the black sesame prawns are a must!) As we had learned from previous visits to Bali the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 
4 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach 
4 were delighted with the food and service 
4 (the black sesame prawns are a must!) 
3 the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 
2 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants in Nusa Dua and you will most likely be advised to take a taxi. 
2 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants
2 you will most likely be advised to take a taxi
 
2 You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so but the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room).
2 You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so
2 the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room).

1 We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw" but these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort. 
1 We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw"
1 these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort.
 
1 Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM although when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back although this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk.
3 Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM1
1 when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back 
2 this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk

3 Its family friendly although there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !
3 Its family friendly 
3 there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !

1 At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind" which looks like it should be open in August - the noise was a bit of a nuisance but we feel sure once this is complete the bar and beach area will be excellent.
1 At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind"
1 the noise was a bit of a nuisance

4 We would definitely return to this hotel again, it is so relaxing and the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.
4 We would definitely return to this hotel again
4  it is so relaxing and 
4 the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept
4 the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.

4 Our family had a great holiday in Bali.
4 great holiday in Bali

3 Nusa Dua Beach Resort had a competitive price.
3 a competitive price

3 Even though the hotel was kind of old, but was still well maintenance. 
1 the hotel was kind of old
3 still well maintenance
 
3 The rooms were clean, but not fancy.
3 rooms were clean
1 not fancy

3 The hotel was big and there were many activities going on everyday.
3 hotel was big
3 there were many activities going on everyday

3 We could stay in the hotel for the whole day and weren't bored at all. 
2 stay in the hotel for the whole day
3 weren't bored at all

3 The breakfast was included and had a lot of variety to choose from. 
3 breakfast was included
3 lot of variety to choose from

2 We asked an extra bed, and there was no extra charge for the bed, only US10 per day for extra breakfast. 
2 We asked an extra bed
3 there was no extra charge for the bed
2 US10 per day for extra breakfast

1 The restaurants for lunch and dinner, however, were kind of pricey.
2 restaurants for lunch and dinner
1 were kind of pricey

2 So we took the free shuttle bus to Bali Collection.
3 free shuttle bus

2 Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants, and it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel.
2 Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants
3 it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel

3 Overall, I would recommend this hotel.
 
3 We love this beach resort second year we have stayed there.
3 love this beach resort

2 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular about 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta. 
2 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular
2 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta

4 The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly, rooms lovely, grounds are stunning, beach front kept spotless and patrolled by security guards. 
4 The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly
3 helpful and friendly
3 rooms lovely
4 grounds are stunning
4 beach front kept spotless
3 patrolled by security guards

4 The breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for reception staff and concierge service faultless. 
4 breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for
4 reception staff and concierge service faultless

4 Beautiful reception area lobby bar and can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished. 
4 Beautiful reception area lobby bar
4 can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished

3 Two large pools one with a swim up to bar. 

3 Selection of on-site restaurants and Bali Collection with its bars restaurants and shops is a 5 min cab ride away. 

3 Love Bali love this resort hotel.

3 We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package, and had the palace club upgrade.
2 We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package
3 had the palace club upgrade

3 The resort exceeded our expectations. 

4 We will definitely come back, and have been recommending it to all our friends.
4 We will definitely come back
4 have been recommending it to all our friends

4 We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort they had everything we could need right there.
4 We had a wonderful holiday
4 We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort

4 Would highly recommend the service was great and everything is not new but very clean and neat.
4 Would highly recommend the service
4 Would highly recommend the service was great 
4 everything is not new but very clean and neat
 
4 Absolutely Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 
4 The spa was topnotch. 

4 The staff where so friendly and helpful. 
4 so friendly and helpful

4 Kids loved the pool and surrounds. 

4 The grounds are pretty and clean.
4 pretty and clean

4 Ease of access to our needs exceeded.

4 Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.

4 The grounds and hotel was very nice, beautifully laid out.
4 very nice
4 beautifully laid out
 
3 We had a standard room with an amazing view.
2 We had a standard room
3 an amazing view

1 There are a few restaurants here, but not much variety at the Chess restaurant next to the pool.
2 There are a few restaurants here
1 not much variety at the Chess restaurant

2 We preferred to go out for lunch or dinner in Nusa Dua. 

1 The breakfast was nice, but was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting. 
3 The breakfast was nice
1 was the same everyday so was very boring
1 was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting.
3 which was very interesting.

3 The staff were very friendly and always asked how you were.
3 The staff were very friendly
3 always asked how you were

1 The one thing we disliked was the tax and service charge to everything we ordered.
1 tax and service charge to everything we ordered

1 Absolutely ridiculous. 

1 Also having to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd.
1 to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd

1 Little things like this have put me off. 
1 put me off

1 Although a lovely hotel, will most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can.
3 a lovely hotel
1 most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can

2 I stay in this hotel with my wife and 8 and 4 year old boys .

3 I got a surprise because I ask regular airport transportation but the hotel sent me an Alphard to pick me ( normally family car like Innova ) and they upgrade my rooms too .
3 I got a surprise
3 upgrade my rooms

3 Thank you , I really appreciate that .
3 Thank you
3 I really appreciate that

1 Room , hotel facilities , breakfast and service is good but I hope more children activity can do here .
3 service is good
1 I hope more children activity can do here

2 The option now is in small kids club , pool and playing sand the beach .

1 I think its nice place but not really recommended if you bring 4 years old children .
3 its nice place
1 not really recommended

3 Definitely will come back to stay in this place.

4 .. Very good experience starting from check in until check out... 
3 Very good experience

4 Very nice staff upon arrival, check in... And very helpful staff while we staying there... Really appreciate it so much...
4 Very nice staff
4 very helpful staff
4 Really appreciate it so much

4 Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast so much to chose from.
4 Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast
4 so much to chose from
 
4 Excellent service from the staff.
4 Excellent service

4 Great walk all the way through past all the other places. 
4 Great walk all the way
4 Great walk

3 Looking forward to seeing the news restaurant open.
3 Looking forward

3 Overall the hotel and service was great.
3 was great

1 Pity that there were construction works by the pool which was noisy at times. 
1 Pity that there were construction works

3 But the beach facilities were great. 
3 Breakfast was lovely. 

3 The gym was also great
 
4 Everyone was very friendly and service was amazing.
4 Everyone was very friendly
4 service was amazing

3 The staff were always helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
3 The staff were always helpful
3 nothing was too much trouble

4 One of our friends was having his birthday and they organized a cake and champayne. 
2 One of our friends was having his birthday
4 they organized a cake and champayne

4 It was really nice.

4 Would definately recommend this resort .

3 We will be back and we will bring the family
 
4 Very nice place.

3 friendly service.

3 perfict position. 

3 few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .
3 few different place to eat
3 romantic dinner very nice on beach

3 we have very time.

2 we come with are 3 years old child.

3 we in join stay in this hotel from day one

2 Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .

3 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. 
2 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel
3 Was essentially thoroughly relaxing

3 The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! 

4 Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
4 Very friendly helpful
3 nothing was too much trouble

4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits .
3 Widdy made us feel very welcome
4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient
4 we will keep fond memories of our daily visits

1 Only problem we had was with the passport which contains your benefits.
1 Only problem we had was with the passport
 
2 We did something we have never done before and booked the same hotel for the second year.

3 So glad we did, it was everything we remembered and this time it was even better because we immediately knew where everything was. 

2 We paid the extra again and stayed at the palace club so the afternoon tea and cocktails was included.
1 We paid the extra again
2 stayed at the palace club
2 the afternoon tea and cocktails was included

3 The breakfasts are just amazing and along with the afternoon snacks and canaps mean that if you wanted you wouldn't have to buy other meals.
3 The breakfasts are just amazing
3 along with the afternoon snacks and canaps mean that if you wanted you wouldn't have to buy other meals

1 However other than breakfast the food is OK but not amazing but we did enjoy a couple of meals at the neighbouring hotels (The Melia do the most amazing Sunday brunch - unlimited food including lobster, steak, seafood, foie gras etc for 420,000 rupiah +tax). 
1 other than breakfast the food is OK
3 we did enjoy a couple of meals at the neighbouring hotels

3 Take the time to get to know the staff and say hello & thanks etc in their language - it's worth it for the smiles alone!
3 it's worth it for the smiles alone!

3 We had to stay an extra night due to Jetstar cancelling the flights due to volcanic ash - so tried another room which was just as great.
2 We had to stay an extra night due to Jetstar cancelling the flights
3 tried another room which was just as great

2 There is the usual saving of sun beds in the morning that is now prevalent , just go with the flow and go down and save yours when you wake up (or send an early riser). 

3 Aside from that just relax. 

3 It was nice to see the hotel spending some money on modernisation (new restaurant, the Tamarind, opening in July and improved poolside accommodation). 
3 It was nice to see the hotel spending some money on modernisation
3 new restaurant
3 improved poolside accommodation

4 We left deciding to return next year also - mainly due to how relaxed we feel when we leave - I have never slept so well anywhere else!!
4 deciding to return next year also
4 mainly due to how relaxed we feel
4 I have never slept so well anywhere else

4 A quiet, peaceful resort that has you whispering on occasions, the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is the perfect place in Bali to relax.
4 A quiet, peaceful resort
4 has you whispering on occasions
4 is the perfect place in Bali to relax

4 Everything is on hand - there's a huge buffet breakfast in the mornings, a nice selection of restaurants and bars in the evenings, and in between there's a good pool and beach to sit by and soak up the sun.
4 Everything is on hand
4 there's a huge buffet breakfast in the mornings
4 a nice selection of restaurants and bars in the evenings
3 in between there's a good pool
3 beach to sit by and soak up the sun
 
3 As with anywhere in Nusa Dua, the ready availability of everything you need means you may start to get cabin fever after a few days, however taxis are waiting right outside the hotel doors, and day trips to Uluwatu, Ubud etc help break this cycle. 
1 As with anywhere in Nusa Dua, the ready availability of everything you need means you may start to get cabin fever
3 taxis are waiting right outside the hotel doors, and day trips to Uluwatu, Ubud etc help break this cycle

3 Thoroughly enjoyed our stay!

2 Try the palace club room.

3 .. Warm welcome from the GRO Ms Nona... 

4 Very well arrangement... 

3 Especially the birthday surprise... 

4 Really appreciate it so much...

3 .. Very well and nice staff... 

3 Friendly and helpful...

4 .. Definitely will be back.... 

4 I love the club facilities and benefits.

3 .. My family completely very satisfied...

3 We are just loving it! 

4 Total relaxation, serene, quiet.
 
3 Lots of chill zones. 

4 Feeling totally rejuvenated after having a massage. 

3 Luxury Escapes have put together a wonderful offer where we haven't had to hardly spend another cent.
3 Luxury Escapes have put together a wonderful offer

3 We will return to this hotel again! 

4 We feel a soul connection to Bali and its people.

3 Staff were fantastic.
 
3 Some of the other hotels are more luxurious but we liked the atmosphere, staff and overall beauty of this resort. 
1 Some of the other hotels are more luxurious
3 we liked the atmosphere, staff and overall beauty of this resort

3 The open lobby and choice of food was very good. 

3 Our room was lovely but the bed was a little hard. 
3 room was lovely
1 the bed was a little hard

1 That would be my only very small criticism.

3 We enjoyed our stay and would certainly consider choosing this hotel in future.

4 Public areas, reception, pool areas and restaurants were very very good.

3 Breakfast was busy but service and food selection were excellent.
1 Breakfast was busy
3 service and food selection were excellent

3 The old boys on reception were a bit grim but all other staff members we dealt with were outstanding.
1 The old boys on reception were a bit grim
3 all other staff members we dealt with were outstanding

2 Particularly the ladies on the customer service desk.

2 There is up to 2m tidal range on the beach making it pretty much unswimmable 2-3 hours either side of low water.
2 There is up to 2m tidal range on the beach
1 pretty much unswimmable 2-3 hours either side of low water
 
3 At other times it is lovely.

1 The room allocated to us on checkin was not up to scratch with a number of problems one would not expect in a hotel at this level.
1 The room allocated to us on checkin was not up to scratch
1 number of problems one would not expect in a hotel at this level

3 Customer service were hugely supportive and arranged alternative rooms quickly and efficiently.
3 Customer service were hugely supportive
3 arranged alternative rooms quickly and efficiently

1 It became clear during this process that houskeeping/building maintenance are releasing unacceptable rooms to guests.
2 It became clear during this process
1 houskeeping/building maintenance are releasing unacceptable rooms to guests

0 Issues include mouldy odour, worn and aged interior furniture, poorly maintained exterior balconies with stained and badly weathered furniture.
1 Issues include mouldy odour
1 worn and aged interior furniture
1 poorly maintained exterior balconies with stained
1 badly weathered furniture

2 This hotel is 32 years old. 

1 Management need to pay more attention to these details.

2 A new restaurant is under construction near the beach.

1 There was some noise during the day in close proximity but we heard nothing in our room.
1 There was some noise during the day

4 We had an amazing time at the resort, we explored a lot of Bali, but on some days couldn't wait to get back to the resort to relax.
4 We had an amazing time at the resort
4 couldn't wait to get back to the resort to relax

4 The facilities were all fantastic and the Nusa Dua area a great location to feel safe, relax and enjoy a holiday and only a short trip to other popular areas, the transport shuttles were a great way to get around. 
4 The facilities were all fantastic
4 the Nusa Dua area a great location to feel safe, relax and enjoy a holiday
4 only a short trip to other popular areas
4 the transport shuttles were a great way to get around

4 We can't wait to come back next year.

4 Our stay was excellent and it was in the perfect position on the beach of Nusa Dua.
4 Our stay was excellent
4 it was in the perfect position on the beach of Nusa Dua

4 The food was superb and our high light was dinning in the Balinese Restaurant at the Resort.
4 The food was superb
4 high light was dinning in the Balinese Restaurant

3 A little bit of Paradise. 
 
3 Overall a great stay- but just some room to improve upon would be - the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts and clearing of floating seaweeds and washed up trash near the pier (which seems to be a common issue in the area)
4 Overall a great stay
1 just some room to improve upon would be - the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts and clearing of floating seaweeds and washed up trash near the pier
1 the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts
1 clearing of floating seaweeds
1 washed up trash near the pier

2 Back after 18 years - this time with our teenage children.
 
3 Still a beautiful hotel - right mix of gardens, Balinese temple architectural and facilities.
3 Still a beautiful hotel
3 right mix of gardens
3 Balinese temple architectural and facilities
 
3 Some areas a bit tired and there was some impact from building works near the pool but overall experience was very positive.
1 Some areas a bit tired
1 there was some impact from building works near the pool
3 overall experience was very positive
 
3 Staff very friendly though some need training with billing options.
3 Staff very friendly
1 some need training with billing options

1 Food in general is good but is limited in variety.
3 Food in general is good
1 is limited in variety.

0 The buffet breakfast is first class and extensive (I still miss it) but the buffet for the traditional entertainment night we went to was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef.
4 The buffet breakfast is first class and extensive
0 the buffet for the traditional entertainment night we went to was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef
0 was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef
 
1 As with all resorts in bali/asia, some work on some reasonably priced quality wine would be a be godsend.
1 some work on some reasonably priced quality wine would be a be godsend.

3 Pools were lovely, clean and well serviced and supporting staff great.
3 Pools were lovely, clean and well serviced
3 supporting staff great

4 Big thank you for the management who extended our last day stay FOC when our daughter had a tummy bug and needed to sleep before we left on a late nigh flight - no hassles and lots of good advice.
4 Big thank you for the management
2 who extended our last day stay FOC when our daughter had a tummy bug and needed to sleep before we left on a late nigh flight
4 no hassles and lots of good advice

3 We would return again.

1 Bathroom needs some maintenance improved shower head and room tends to flood.
1 Bathroom needs some maintenance
1 improved shower head
1 room tends to flood

4 Fabulous attention to detail in the public areas. 
4 Fabulous attention to detail

4 Impressive entrance area especially at night. 
4 Impressive entrance area

4 Staff very friendly and attentive
 
3 We went for the second time to Nusa Dua Beach hotel & Spa.
 
4 And again it was fantastic! Breakfast, staff ..... basically everything was excellent! 
4 it was fantastic!
4 basically everything was excellent!

3 If you have a problem, they fix it! Fantastic!

3 if possible, we come back again very soon

1 Our only concern in this excellent visit was the height of the bed!

1 For disabled people (and even some able bodied people) it was simply too high.

2 The bed needs to be at the same height as the wheelchair

4 Absolutely beautiful resort with unimaginable Opulance in all its marble and gold features many beautiful eateries, entertainment and pools with beach across footpath.
4 Absolutely beautiful resort
4 unimaginable Opulance in all its marble and gold features
4 many beautiful eateries, entertainment and pools
3 beach across footpath

3 Don't miss the fire dancing and smorgasbord.

2 We stayed 10 nights with the Palace Club package.

3 It's worth every cent! 

4 We were pampered from the moment we arrived until our reluctant departure. 

4 We are looking forward to returning ASAP. 

4 The spa is a wonderful retreat. 

4 The service was amazing. 

3 Although the property is one of the originals in Nusa Dua it is very well maintained. 
2 the property is one of the originals in Nusa Dua
3 it is very well maintained

4 Could not fault anything.

3 My husband and I enjoyed our first trip to Bali and staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa made it very memorable.
3 My husband and I enjoyed our first trip to Bali
3 staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa made it very memorable.

4 The food, staff and facilities were excellent and we will certainly be returning to enjoy the peace and tranquility.
3 The food, staff and facilities were excellent
4 we will certainly be returning to enjoy the peace and tranquility

1 Room was tired and the balcony wooden rail was hanging off so not safe.
1 Room was tired
1 the balcony wooden rail was hanging off so not safe
 
1 Bathroom small. 

1 Wifi was intermittent. 

1 Not 5 star. 

0 The food was very average with the breakfast buffet poor quality. 
0 The food was very average
0 breakfast buffet poor quality

0 The italian cafe had a limited menu and the pizzas were terrible and only 2 pasta dishes which were microwaved. 
1 The italian cafe had a limited menu
0 the pizzas were terrible
0 only 2 pasta dishes which were microwaved

3 The gardens are lovely and offer privacy from the balcony (just don't lean on the rail). 
3 The gardens are lovely and offer privacy from the balcony
1 just don't lean on the rail

3 The pool and beach are lovely and no doubt the new beach club will be lovely when its completed. 
3 The pool and beach are lovely
3 no doubt the new beach club will be lovely when its completed

1 The jack hammer was a little annoying all day though but it was unavoidable. 
1 The jack hammer was a little annoying all day
2 but it was unavoidable

1 The spa was ok but needs an upgrade . 
2 The spa was ok
1 needs an upgrade

1 Unfortunately it isn't really a 5 star hotel, maybe once but not now and the food is way behind other hotels in Nusa Dua. 
1 Unfortunately it isn't really a 5 star hotel, maybe once but not now
1 the food is way behind other hotels in Nusa Dua

1 It doesn't compare to the Mulia or Hyatt unfortunately for similar prices.

3 Special mention of the helpfulness of the staff (Yarnie & Kartia at the airport).
 
3 Also the beautiful gardens and the peace & tranquility of the spa pool.. 
3 Also the beautiful gardens
3 the peace & tranquility of the spa pool

3 We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves..
 
3 This was our second trip to Bali and our first to Nusa Dua.
 
2 Both very different experiences. 

3 Staying at Nusa Dua was a lot quieter than staying in Seminyak but not a problem as we arranged for a driver if we wanted to go anywhere.
1 Staying at Nusa Dua was a lot quieter than staying in Seminyak
3 not a problem as we arranged for a driver if we wanted to go anywhere

3 On the days that we stayed in the resort, the beach was lovely and the pool magnificent. 
3 the beach was lovely and the pool magnificent
3 the pool magnificent

3 All in all a very relaxing stay

3 Such a relaxing escape from city life and the resort met our expectations.
3 Such a relaxing escape from city life
3 the resort met our expectations.

3 Staff are always so friendly and willing to help. 
3 willing to help

3 This was our second visit to the hotel and we were as happy with it as the first.
3 we were as happy with it as the first

3 We are in our 60's and bought a Luxury Escape deal never expecting such a wonderful holiday.
2 We are in our 60's
2 We are in our 60's and bought a Luxury Escape deal
3 never expecting such a wonderful holiday
 
3 All meals included - were from 3 restaurants - all delivered lovely tasty food. 
2 All meals included - were from 3 restaurants
3 all delivered lovely tasty food. 

4 Divine swimming pools (get up early and put your towel onto a deck chair around the pool - or miss out). 
4 Divine swimming pools
4 get up early and put your towel onto a deck chair around the pool - or miss out

3 We enjoyed the bike hire - riding along the beach front, the lap pool in a quiet area, the gym and the massages. 
3 We enjoyed the bike hire
3 riding along the beach front, the lap pool in a quiet area, the gym and the massages.

4 The theme nights with great entertainment were unreal.
4 great entertainment were unreal

3 Our room 1213 was in the best position, close to pool, restaurants & beach.
3 best position
3 close to pool, restaurants & beach

4 Breakfast is excellent and the huge pond filled with reptiles and fish and a beautiful Herron, surrounds the breakfast area giving such beautiful peace and tranquillity. 

4 The resort gardens are just beautiful - take the 1hour tour of the gardens with the head gardener.
4 The resort gardens are just beautiful
3 take the 1hour tour of the gardens with the head gardener

3 Thank you to the resort and Luxury Escapes. 

3 We hope to be back one day.

3 We have just returned from using an 8 day Luxury escape package at this hotel and thought it was an excellent package and venue.
2 We have just returned from using an 8 day Luxury escape package
3 it was an excellent package and venue

3 Although the fully inclusive meal deal took a little bit of working out and an included deal to visit a show at another venue meant we couldn't use one of the dinner meals it was still very good value overall. 
2 Although the fully inclusive meal deal took a little bit of working out
2 an included deal to visit a show at another venue meant we couldn't use one of the dinner meals
3 it was still very good value overall.
 
2 Each lunch was a single course at a restaurant of your choice and each dinner 2 courses, either entre and main or main and desert which is still more than many would eat normally anyway.
2 Each lunch was a single course
2 Each lunch was a single course at a restaurant of your choice
2 each dinner 2 courses
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entre and main
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entre and main or main and desert
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entre and main or main and desert which is still more than many would eat normally anyway

2 If you want something else you can still get it and just pay for the additional amount so you are not restricted at all in what you can eat.
2 If you want something else you can still get it
2 just pay for the additional amount so you are not restricted at all in what you can eat

4 The resort is still great, we were there last year and the staff and facilities are still excellent.
4 The resort is still great
2 we were there last year
4 the staff and facilities are still excellent.

4 If you really wanted to find a reason to complain about something you could find a few little problems but this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient and want to make your stay as good as they can for everyone.
3 If you really wanted to find a reason to complain about something you could find a few little problems
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient and want to make your stay as good as they can for everyone.
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly
4 this resort is overall great value for money
 
1 Witnessed a couple of instances of disputes between guests over sun lounges around the pools which I think would be easily remedied by maybe getting some hour glass sand timers or something like that so you had only a 1 hour window to leave your chairs unattended so someone else could use them.
1 Witnessed a couple of instances of disputes between guests over sun lounges

1 I saw several times chairs "marked" with towels that were not used for the entire day while others walked around trying to find somewhere to sit.

1 A few more chairs under the trees would help as well as not everyone needs to be right next to the pools.

3 This resort retains a lot of Balinese heritage and charm compared to many of the newer more "Americanised" venues that surround it so it depends on what you are looking for on your holiday as to weather this is the place for you or not but we think things like the large Lizards wandering around the dining area, squirrels on the room balconies and the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return.
3 This resort retains a lot of Balinese heritage and charm
3 we think things like the large Lizards wandering around the dining area, squirrels on the room balconies and the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return
4 the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return

1 Resort is ok but not 5 star or worth the money.
 
1 We have been to Bali over 10 times and there are much better resorts in Nusa Dua or Kuta side.
2 We have been to Bali over 10 times
2 there are much better resorts in Nusa Dua or Kuta side

1 We came here on a Luxury Escape package with 10 nights inclusive of all food plus an additional charge for children which I would not recommend.
2 We came here on a Luxury Escape package with 10 nights inclusive of all food
1 an additional charge for children which I would not recommend
 
1 There are exclusions and rules not spelt out in the ad when you purchase it.
 
1 Room is clean but bathroom is tiny (you can't really have more than one person in there at a time) and looks like the renovation isn't quite finished. 
3 Room is clean
1 bathroom is tiny (you can't really have more than one person in there at a time)
1 looks like the renovation isn't quite finished

1 Air conditioner doesn't really work (especially at night) and there is no way to adjust the temperature. 
1 Air conditioner doesn't really work
 
0 Wifi is intermittent and extremely slow - very frustrating so you just give up. 
1 Wifi is intermittent
1 Wifi is intermittent and extremely slow
 
1 Food is eatable but not the quality and variety you can get at other resorts and restaurants (and for cheaper). 
2 Food is eatable
1 not the quality and variety you can get at other resorts and restaurants (and for cheaper).
 
0 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals which they can only pick from for dinner and lunch and do not have great nutritional value. 
1 Kids meals very limited
1 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals
1 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals which they can only pick from for dinner and lunch

0 Same goes for the adults with limited fresh salads or vegetables. 

1 The buffet nights are ok but if you don't eat seafood then there isn't a lot of choice.
2 The buffet nights are ok
1 if you don't eat seafood then there isn't a lot of choice.

1 Breakfast is ok but once again not to a 5 star standard. 
2 Breakfast is ok
1 once again not to a 5 star standard

1 We had fresher pastries, juices etc and different variety each day a a smaller resort in Kuta earlier in the week. 
1 We had fresher pastries, juices etc and different variety each day a a smaller resort in Kuta

0 Very disappointing experience and one I would not recommend.

2 We have been visiting Bali for the last 5 years but this was our first visit to the Nusa Dua area.
2 We have been visiting Bali for the last 5 years
 
3 From the moment we checked in until our unfortunate departure, we could not have been more impressed nor had a more enjoyable stay at this resort. 
3 From the moment we checked in until our unfortunate departure
4 we could not have been more impressed nor had a more enjoyable stay at this resort.

4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful and would go out of their way to ensure everything is in order and also when help or assistance was needed. 
4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful
4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful and would go out of their way to ensure everything is in order

3 There are plenty of facilities to utilise within the resort to keep yourself entertained.
3 There are plenty of facilities to utilise

3 There is also variety of food and dining options along with theme nights so no real need to leave if you desire
3 There is also variety of food and dining options
3 There is also variety of food and dining options along with theme nights

3 There are some new facilities under construction so this resort will only get better!
2 There are some new facilities under construction
3 this resort will only get better!

4 Thanks to the GM Mr Urs Klee and your wonderful staff for a truly memorable holiday.
3 Thanks to the GM Mr Urs Klee
4 your wonderful staff for a truly memorable holiday

4 We could not have been more impressed.

4 We had a great time with our 2 young kids.

4 Staff were very friendly and overall the restaurants were good.
4 Staff were very friendly
3 overall the restaurants were good.

4 Buffet breakfast was the best and swimming pools were great! 
4 Buffet breakfast was the best
4 swimming pools were great!
 
1 Only one thing, the service waiters around the pool areas could have been increased as sometimes it took a long time to flag one down, hotel would also make more money with more drinks sold so this should be a no brainier!
1 Only one thing, the service waiters around the pool areas could have been increased as sometimes it took a long time to flag one down
2 hotel would also make more money with more drinks sold so this should be a no brainier
 
3 Overall very happy and would return!
3 Overall very happy
3 would return!

4 The spa was just fabulous, from the treatments that were available (although it was surprising that you manicure/pedicure on the menu), the site away from the hotel was nice and peaceful.
4 The spa was just fabulous
4 The spa was just fabulous, from the treatments that were available

4 The facilities were fabulous - the gym, pool, and tennis and squash courts - awesome!
4 The facilities were fabulous
4 awesome

4 Have been going to BALI for the last twenty years and this is my fourth stay at this wonderful resort as me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI not only for couples but also for families.
4 Have been going to BALI for the last twenty years
3 this is my fourth stay at this wonderful resort
me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI not only for couples but also for families
4 me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI
 
4 When the new restaurant at the beach front and new pool on the other side of resort are finished this will only add to the experience also notice the outside WIFI antennas being installed and must mention all the lovely staff ,thanks again for a great holiday . 
2 When the new restaurant at the beach front and new pool on the other side of resort are finished
3 this will only add to the experience
3 also notice the outside WIFI antennas being installed
3 must mention all the lovely staff ,thanks again for a great holiday 
3 thanks again for a great holiday 
 
3 We bought our holiday through a 'Luxury Escapes' package, for which our value for money cannot be faulted.
2 We bought our holiday through a 'Luxury Escapes' package
3 for which our value for money cannot be faulted.

4 The resort is lovely, three great pools, right on the beach which has spectacular views of the volcano in the distance, lovely traditional gardens with an amazing entrance.
4 The resort is lovely
4 The resort is lovely, three great pools
4 The resort is lovely, three great pools, right on the beach which has spectacular views of the volcano in the distance,
4 lovely traditional gardens with an amazing entrance

1 The food is okay - more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated but that's just preference.
2 The food is okay
1 more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated
1 more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated but that's just preference

4 The spa is beautiful and decadent.
3 The spa is beautiful
4 decadent

4 It was my husbands birthday and the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers - all without prompting or request - these are the touches that make a stay special and to be remembered- thank-you Nusa Dua Beach Resort.
2 It was my husbands birthday
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers - all without prompting or request
4 these are the touches that make a stay special and to be remembered
4 these are the touches that make a stay special
3 thank-you

2 we heard about this place by Luxury escapes.

2 we loved everything about it and are planning to come back in the very near future.

4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us at breakfast, lunch and dinner
without forgetting the kindness of the staff around the pools, always happy to help.
4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us
4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us at breakfast, lunch and dinner
4 without forgetting the kindness of the staff around the pools
4 the kindness of the staff around the pools
4 always happy to help.

4 A holiday to remember!

3 Was confused why our family booking of 6 people didn't have the adjoining room door but it was very quickly fixed.
2 Was confused why our family booking of 6 people didn't have the adjoining room door
3 it was very quickly fixed

3 Thank you so much. 

1 Our room was so very far away from the pool which was a shame. 
2 Our room was so very far away from the pool
1 which was a shame

1 The creche was not so good. 
3 so good

1 Beautiful staff but activities need changing and need to be more exciting.
3 Beautiful staff
1 activities need changing and need to be more exciting
1 activities need changing
1 need to be more exciting

1 ..like Westin Resort next door?? Your staff were excellent but please take 'movie time' off your list. 
3 Your staff were excellent
1 please take 'movie time' off your list

4 Pool amazing. 

4 Breakfast amazing. 

4 Staff amazing. 

4 Thankyou so very much. :)

1 Suggest that the rooms be critically checked for wear and tear.

1 Woodwork in bathrooms need cleaning up and fresh wood sealing. 
1 Woodwork in bathrooms need cleaning up

1 Power plug in room did not work. 

1 Shower rose blocked. 

1 Rooms are beautiful just need a little TLC.
3 Rooms are beautiful
1 just need a little TLC.

1 Would have thought that there might have been at least one Indian curry on the menu in one of the restaurants.

1 In this day and age, free wifi in hotels is as much an essential as hot and cold water- I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it, yet the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants;
2 In this day and age, free wifi in hotels is as much an essential as hot and cold water
1 I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it, yet the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants
1 I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it
1 the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants

1 I wasn't able to get a good enough signal on the beach.
1 wasn't able to get a good enough signal

3 Aside from that one disappointment, I enjoyed every minute of my stay here.
1 that one disappointment
3 I enjoyed every minute of my stay here

2 From what I can make out from other reviews, there seems to be quite a difference in quality between the basic 'Deluxe' rooms, and the better 'Premier' rooms. 
 
4 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel, overlooking the garden and small lake- it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife and the fountain in the lake.
3 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel, overlooking the garden and small lake
2 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel
2 We stayed in a Premier room
4 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife and the fountain in the lake
3 it was truly a joy
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife

4 The Premier room was very good indeed: clean and in good condition, comfortable bed, Balinese-style wood furniture and a balcony overlooking the aforementioned garden.
4 The Premier room was very good indeed
3 clean and in good condition
3 comfortable bed
3 Balinese-style wood furniture
3 a balcony overlooking the aforementioned garden

3 The bathroom was also good, with a decent shower and separate bath tub.
3 bathroom was also good
3 a decent shower
3 separate bath tub

3 There was a welcome fruit basket in the room on our arrival containing some varieties that I had never tried before, including my new favourite fruit: mangosteens! 
3 There was a welcome fruit basket in the room on our arrival
3 There was a welcome fruit basket
3 some varieties that I had never tried before
3 including my new favourite fruit

1 There were also two bottles of complimentary bottled water, replenished daily, though they had metal caps requiring a bottle opener, yet we couldn't find a bottle opener in the room- luckily we had one of our own.
3 complimentary bottled water
3 complimentary bottled water, replenished daily
1 complimentary bottled water, replenished daily, though they had metal caps requiring a bottle opener
1 we couldn't find a bottle opener in the room- luckily we had one of our own.

4 The buffet breakfast was excellent with a good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices: the soursop juice was absolutely delicious! 
4 The buffet breakfast was excellent
4 good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices: the soursop juice was absolutely delicious! 
3 good international selection of hot and cold food
3 good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices
4 the soursop juice was absolutely delicious!

4 And I particularly enjoyed the fresh passion fruits, guavas and yellow watermelon.
4 I particularly enjoyed

3 The choices did not vary much from day-to-day, but there was sufficient choice to stop you becoming bored.
3 choices did not vary much from day-to-day
3 there was sufficient choice to stop you becoming bored

4 The extensive, but not overwhelming, gardens, grounds and low-rise buildings were immaculately maintained, and the staff were helpful and polite.
4 The extensive, but not overwhelming, gardens, grounds and low-rise buildings were immaculately maintained
3 the staff were helpful and polite

3 The sandy beach was good, constantly being cleaned, and there were only a few licensed hawkers who were not pushy at all.
3 beach was good, constantly being cleaned,
3 beach was good
3 constantly being cleaned
2 there were only a few licensed hawkers who were not pushy at all
1 there were only a few licensed hawkers
2 not pushy at all
 
3 The sea was warm and clear but did contain a bit of seaweed debris, though not enough to spoil your enjoyment. 
1 The sea was warm and clear but did contain a bit of seaweed debris
3 The sea was warm and clear
1 contain a bit of seaweed debris
3 not enough to spoil your enjoyment
 
3 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630, but if you can get down to the beach for the sunrise, there's something quite special about it, you can even join in a sunrise yoga session if you fancy it.
3 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630, but if you can get down to the beach for the sunrise, there's something quite special about it
2 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630
3 you can even join in a sunrise yoga session if you fancy it
 
2 Although the hotel faces east, you can get a semblance of a sunset view by going into the sea and looking back towards the hotel.
  
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area is that, being a gated 'enclave', local dining options are limited to either your hotel, neighbouring hotels, or the Bali Collection mall.
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area is that, being a gated 'enclave', local dining options are limited
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area
2 being a gated 'enclave'
1 local dining options are limited
2 to either your hotel, neighbouring hotels, or the Bali Collection mall

3 Absolutely, though I hope that by the time of my next visit, free wifi has been rolled out throughout the entire hotel.
3 Absolutely
2 I hope that by the time of my next visit
3 free wifi has been rolled out throughout the entire hotel

4 It's been seven years we always come to nusa dua beach and spa and it's always the same great place and good service consistency with great various healthy choice of breakfast.
4 It's been seven years we always come to nusa dua beach and spa
2 It's been seven years
4 we always come to nusa dua beach and spa

4 This time we were so lucky to experienced the turtle hatched on the beach behind the hotel at night.
4 This time we were so lucky to experienced the turtle hatched
4 This time we were so lucky
3 to experienced the turtle hatched
2 on the beach behind the hotel at night

4 Very great time.

4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful.
4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities
4 Amazing resort
4 with amazing pool
4 well maintained beach and facilities
4 staff very friendly and helpful
4 staff very friendly
3 helpful

1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby.
1 Food and drinks were over priced
1 disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby
1 disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms
2 only available in the lobby

4 This hotel was absolutely amazing! 

4 The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great.
4 The staff were extremely Friendly
4 the facilities were great

4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay.
4 It was awesome experience
2 our 10 day stay
 
3 The location was convenient, very easy to get around. 
3 The location was convenient
3 very easy to get around
 
4 We Will definitely be returning 

4 We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful.
4 We will be back
4 we loved this resort
4 it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful
4 was just beautiful safe
4 the gardens we just beautiful

4 Great family holiday. 

1 Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint. 
1 Pillows were a bit soft
3 that is the only complaint

4 Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful.
4 Staff are wonderful
4 extremely helpful

4 We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children. 
4 We felt safe as a family
4 the location was perfect
4 we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children
2 we could leave the resort & come back in the night
4 felt safe especially having young children

4 Meals were good breakfast was amazing.
3 Meals were good
4 breakfast was amazing

3 Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel.
2 Stayed here for business
3 really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel

4 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.
3 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant
4 recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach

3 Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
3 Rooms are designed in Balinese style
3 my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning

3 Good selection for breakfast as well. 

3 Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
3 Staff are super friendly
3 the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors
3 will be happy to stay here again

3 This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience.
3 This hotel has a local flavour
3 with Balinese ambience

3 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though. 
3 Overall, stay was good
3 pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded
3 pools are big enough
3 you won't feel too crowded
1 not enough beach chairs though

1 Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility.
1 Toilets are a bit cramp
1 no separate shower facility

2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age.
2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday
2 We recently stayed at the hotel
2 two young children under 3 years of age.

4 We had a fabulous time. 
 
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had
4 particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
4 beautiful gardens and location.
 
4 The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! 
4 The kids loved the pool
4 the service was above and beyond!
 
4 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend.
4 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay
4 would highly recommend.
 
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided
3 excellent service
2 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
2 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food
2 the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
 
3 Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
3 Great stay here
4 staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience
1 I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
1 I feel the food could be improved upon
1 in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
1 my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
1 my food was served cold
1 did not look fresh for one example

1 Otherwise this place is beautiful.

1 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach.
2 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua
1 you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere
3 but you will enjoy nice beach.

1 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again. 
2 This hotel is a bit oldish
1 I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again

1 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized...
2 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach
1 noisy by the way
3 that could be nice when finalized...

3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it
3 This is the second time back
4 we loved everybit of it
1 just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
1 just a little disappointed
2 our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
3 loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
3 loved our stay staff so friendly
3 definitely back again

3 Hopefully with a better room position

3 Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
 
3 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great.
3 The hotel staff are welcoming
3 friendly
3 always ready to make you feel great

3 The gardens are beautiful. 

4 The palace club is the best! 

4 Great experience. 

4 Highly recommended.

2 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa.

3 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews.
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon
2 Having booked this property
3 we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews
2 we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary
3 following their reviews

4 Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel.
2 right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities
4 the immaculately kept gardens
4 to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel
4 to the most warm and friendly staff

3 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style.
2 There are several top class hotels along the strip
3 the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style

4 Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment.
4 the excellent range of breakfast to start the day
4 to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach
4 the quality traditional evening entertainment

4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too.
4 the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too
4 the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could
4 always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could
4 very efficient and professional too.

4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals.
4 the whole hotel team was magnificent
4 we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals
4 we have to give a special mention to
4 who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible
4 our special thanks go to these individuals

4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same.
4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across
4 with its deep cultural roots
4 the most friendly people you could hope to come across
4 we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same
4 we would certainly stay at
4 having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same

4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday.
4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff
4 who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I
4 a truly dream holiday

4 This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
4 This hotel is exceptional
4 it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings
3 gives a complete service
4 very beautiful surroundings

4 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf.
4 very similar to other 5 star hotels
2 in locations such as the Gulf.

4 Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus.
4 Breakfast cannot be faulted over all the Pool and
4  Pool area are excellent
3 the proximity of the beach is a bonus

3 Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel.
2 Did not use the Spa
3 a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel

3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences.
3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style
3 without the over the top Western influences
1 over the top Western influences
 
3 Friendly, relaxed and great value. 
3 Friendly
3 relaxed
4 great value
 
4 The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! 
3 The rooms are spacious and comfortable
4 beds and pillows are to die for
 
4 Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational.
3 Good mix of restaurants and bars
4 the breakfasts are sensational
 
4 Great setting on the beach.
 
1 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
3 The hotel is very beautiful
3 have excellent facilities
1 the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
1 the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price
Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better.
2 superior than the average in Bali
 
4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful. 
4 Amazing resort
4 with amazing pool 
3 well maintained beach and facilities
3 staff very friendly and helpful

1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby
1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing 
1 that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby

4 This hotel was absolutely amazing! The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great. 
4 This hotel was absolutely amazing!
3 The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great. 

4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay The location was convenient, very easy to get around We Will definitely be returning 
4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay
3 The location was convenient
4 very easy to get around
4 We Will definitely be returning 

4 We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful
4 We will be back
4 we loved this resort
4 it was just beautiful safe
4 the gardens we just beautiful

3 Great family holiday Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful
4 Great family holiday
1 Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint
4 Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful

4 We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children Meals were good breakfast was amazing
3 We felt safe as a family 
4 the location was perfect
3 we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children
3 Meals were good
4 breakfast was amazing

3 Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel. 
2 Stayed here for business 
3 really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel

2 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.
2 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant
2 recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.

2 Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
2 Rooms are designed in Balinese style 
2 my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.


3 Good selection for breakfast as well Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
3 Good selection for breakfast
4 Staff are super friendly 
3 the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors
4 will be happy to stay here again


2 This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience. 


3 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though.
3 Overall, stay was good
3 pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded
1 but not enough beach chairs though.

1 Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility
1 Toilets are a bit cramp
1 no separate shower facility

4 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age. We had a fabulous time We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age
4 We had a fabulous time
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had
4 particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location


4 The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend
4 The kids loved the pool 
4 the service was above and beyond! 
3 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay 
4 would highly recommend


3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
4 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service
1 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food 
2 provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua

3 Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
 Otherwise this place is beautiful
4 Great stay here
4 the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you,
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, 
0 in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
3 Otherwise this place is beautiful

2 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach
1 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere 
3 but you will enjoy nice beach


1 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized
0 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again 
1 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) 
3 that could be nice when finalized

3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again Hopefully with a better room position
2 This is the second time back at the same hotel 
3 we loved everybit of it 
1 just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
4 ether then that loved our stay 
3 staff so friendly 
4 definitely back again Hopefully with a better room position

4 Our stay at this hotel was perfect. The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great The gardens are beautiful The palace club is the best! Great experience Highly recommended
4 Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
4 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great
3 The gardens are beautiful 
4 The palace club is the best! 
4 Great experience 
4 Highly recommended

4 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa. Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews. Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel
2 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews
4 Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, 
4 right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities
4 the immaculately kept gardens 
4 the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel


4 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style
Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment
2 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style
4 Superb facilities 
4 excellent range of breakfast to start the day 
3 the lovely pools 
3 relaxing areas around the beach 
3 quality traditional evening entertainment

4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too
4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff 
3 always ready to help in any way they could 
4 to make the day special in every way they could 
3 very efficient and professional too

4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals
4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) 
4 who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, 
4 our special thanks go to these individuals

4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same
4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return 
4 to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across 
4 we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa 
4 having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same

4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday
4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff 
4 such an incredible experience for my wife and I, 
4 a truly dream holiday


4 This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings. It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf
4 This hotel is exceptional 
4 it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
2 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf


4 Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus
4 Breakfast cannot be faulted 
4 over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
3 the proximity of the beach is a bonus

2 Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences 
1 Did not use the Spa 
2 a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel 
3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences


3 Friendly, relaxed and great value The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational Great setting on the beach
4 Friendly, relaxed and great value 
3 The rooms are spacious and comfortable
4 beds and pillows are to die for! 
3 Good mix of restaurants and bars 
4 the breakfasts are sensational
4 Great setting on the beach


3 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali
4 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities
1 but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price
3 superior than the average in Bali


1 Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better 
flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food
swimming pool floor quite slippery
if possible , free wifi in rooms 
room air con should be more adjustable
more free activities for kids at kid club
The bathroom smell was awful


1 Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better 
0 flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food
1 swimming pool floor quite slippery
2 if possible , free wifi in rooms 
1 room air con should be more adjustable
2 more free activities for kids at kid club
0 The bathroom smell was awful

3 The room and location itself was perfect I would like to visit the hotel again The service was provided well I loved the beach and the room I hope you can make it up in the next time
4 The room and location itself was perfect 
3 I would like to visit the hotel again 
3 The service was provided well 
3 I loved the beach and the room 
1 I hope you can make it up in the next time


0 The Negatives -  prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc all day! If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere Electric hammers are so loud and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings
0 The Negatives -  prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc all day! 
0 If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere 
0 Electric hammers are so loud 
0 and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings


1 Prepare to rise early to get a sunbed 

2 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price) and the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again) 
1 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - 
2 this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind 
2 The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price)
2 the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again) 

3 Positives -
Rooms and amenities are clean. Staff are friendly. Location 

3 Positives - Rooms and amenities are clean. 
3 Staff are friendly. 
3 Location 


0 The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment - who wants to listen to that every day by the pool
0 The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment 
0 who wants to listen to that every day by the pool


4 Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! The food was good, service excellent, staff were helpful and friendly. We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request We will certainly be returning
4 Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! 
4 The food was good, 
4 service excellent, 
3 staff were helpful and friendly.
3 We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request 
4 We will certainly be returning


4 Great value family holiday Wonderful property, friendly staff, very good food and beverage quality and service and overall a wonderful family holiday
4 Great value family holiday 
4 Wonderful property,
3 friendly staff, 
4 very good food and beverage quality and service 
4 overall a wonderful family holiday


1 The only points to improve on would be:
*  The tiles around the pool are too slippery * Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer
0  The tiles around the pool are too slippery 
1 Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer


4 I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel
2 We were there in May
4 The food was fantastic
4 The resort was fantastic
4 The privacy was fantastic

4 The staff was fantastic most of all there were 2 staff members that need naming. There names were Novi where we had a beautiful breakfast every morning. Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant. What 2 beautiful lovely ladies. 
4 The staff was fantastic 
3 most of all there were 2 staff members that need naming. 
4 There names were Novi where we had a beautiful breakfast every morning. 
3 Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant. 
4 What 2 beautiful lovely ladies. 

4 We would love to go back next year. Well worth every penny
4 We would love to go back next year. 
3 Well worth every penny


1 serving customer with same standard and not otherwise

2 local flavours should be encourage to certain extend especially the porridge

1 rooms air conditioning to be look into

3 good eco property but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard
3 good eco property 
1 but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard

4 Its a very good hotel, very well located, with friendly and helpfull staff, the facilities are also well
4 Its a very good hotel
4 very well located,
3 with friendly and helpfull staff, 
3 the facilities are also well


3 The decoration and its enviroment,are good and very taken care

3 Breakfast if the restaurant is full,staff allways get you a table

1 I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free
0 I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! 
1 There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests 
1 so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free


0 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter and kids playground not working 
0 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter 
0 and kids playground not working 


1 when we arrived I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired and areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back 
Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!
0 when we arrived I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired 
1 areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed 
3 However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated 
0 but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back 
4 Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!


2 Large resort, maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams
3 Large resort, 
1 maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams

3 Chess bar staff very helpful advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) and no reservations left at modern Asian 
3 Chess bar staff very helpful 
3 advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) 
1 and no reservations left at modern Asian 


4 Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! The nut crackers are to die for
4 Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! 
4 The nut crackers are to die for

3 Very good value, except for the hotel restaurants, good but a bit pricey, and the free wifi which is of poor quality
 otherwise it is great comfort, great value, the breakfast is excellent with good product quality and the staff is great

3 Very good value
3 except for the hotel restaurants, good 
1 but a bit pricey
1 the free wifi which is of poor quality
3 otherwise it is great comfort, great value,
4 the breakfast is excellent 
3 good product quality 
3 the staff is great

2 The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close To a construction site and the A/C was leaking water Besides that, everything was perfect The Restaurants were fine But the breakfast was amazing One of the best in a hotel
1 The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close
To a construction site 
1 and the A/C was leaking water
3 Besides that, everything was perfect 
3 The Restaurants were fine 
4 But the breakfast was amazing One of the best in a hotel

4 We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations for both quality and value.
4 We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations
2 for both quality and value

1 The only issue we had was that there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort. 
1 The only issue we had was that
2 there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort
 
2 However we soon worked out ways to get around this. 
 
3 Overall a fantastic stay

4 Sensational hotel - as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
4 Sensational hotel
4 as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
3 as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay
3 there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
3 there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities

3 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay and the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special! 
2 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay 
3 the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special!
3 the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us
3 providing a cake
3 the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special!
4 she felt incredibly special!

4 We will definitely return in the future.

4 This hotel is a first class experience, we loved the room, the view and the service was emaculate.
4 This hotel is a first class experience
4 we loved the room
4 the view and the service was emaculate
 
3 The beach close to most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish..
3 The beach close to
2 most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish.

3 so enjoyed most of our days on the beach and in the water. 
3  so enjoyed most of our days
 
2 We also try the diving course at Tanjung Benoa. 
 
3 The reef so colourful, still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes. 
3 The reef so colourful
3 still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes
3 still healthy fresh coral
3 so many kind of colourful fishes
 
3 At last we took a journey to the other side of Bali at beautiful Jimbaran Bay. 
 
2 We found this place on the internet ( http://www.suprentalbali.com/stand-up-paddle ) as my wife wanted to try Stand Up Paddle for the first time. 
 
3 Great sport, a lot of fun, lovely people. 
3 Great sport
3 a lot of fun
3 lovely people

4 Was a great great holiday, Love bali so much.
4 Was a great great holiday

2 Booked through a company that had advertised the palace upgrade as adults only, but it was in fact a place children were allowed.

1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time, the management was not interested in responding to our feedback.
1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time
1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress
2 at having children run round during the cocktail time
1 the management was not interested in responding to our feedback
1 the management was not interested
2 responding to our feedback
 
1 Drinks were really expensive food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic, other options were poor.
1 Drinks were really expensive
3 food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic
1 other options were poor

4 Extremely well maintained property.

4 Very freindly staff. 

2 Was travelling with my daughter aged 1.

2 so based my decision on other reviews. 

2 Was not disappointed at all. 

3 The property is huge with different sections based on your needs.
3 The property is huge with different sections
3 The property is huge
2 with different sections
2 based on your needs

3 Breakfast spread was very large with a variety of options.
3 Breakfast spread was very large
3 with a variety of options

3 Tried all the in house restaurants - food was well prepared. 
2 Tried all the in house restaurants
3 food was well prepared

3 A lot of other dining options if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.
3 A lot of other dining options
2 if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.

3 Beach play with my daughter was the best part.
2 Beach play with my daughter
3 the best part

3 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta the beach seemed very private and maintained. 
2 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta
3 the beach seemed very private and maintained
 
3 Security is not a concern anywhere across the property.
3 Security is not a concern
2 anywhere across the property
 
3 The lap pool was my favourite - just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree. 
3 The lap pool was my favourite
3 just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree

3 We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small but the balcony helped.
1 We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small
3 but the balcony helped

2 After all we were there to be outside the room most of the time.

3 There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel which was helpful.
2 There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel
3 which was helpful
 
3 The shops inside sell very unique things.

3 A must stay if you are planning a good time with family.
3 A must stay
3 if you are planning a good time with family

4 Love the smile and good customer service.
4 Love the smile
3 good customer service
 
4 Staffs are very friendly and make me feel warm and welcome.
4 Staffs are very friendly
4 make me feel warm and welcome
 
3 Room is spacious and comfortable. 

3 Food very nice too. 

1 Only shortage is kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu. 
1 Only shortage
1 kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu.
1 kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there
1 kids everyday have the same menu.

3 Other than, yes, definitely will recommended to friend.
1 Other than
3 yes, definitely will recommended to friend.

3 Room was a little smaller than we thought - service was great - variety of food available.
1 Room was a little smaller than we thought
3 service was great
3 variety of food available.

1 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind but it seems that the people were not returning to them.
2 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind
1 but it seems that the people were not returning to them.

1 Maybe collection of unused towels more often would allow others to use facilities.

3 Amazing place.
 
4 Been here twice and will again.
4 Been here twice
4 will again

1 Only downfall is the kids club, not overly welcoming and tucked away inside. 
1 Only downfall is the kids club
1 not overly welcoming and tucked away inside
1 not overly welcoming
1 tucked away inside

1 All inclusive package is great value however per night price is a little pricey.
3 All inclusive package is great value
1 per night price is a little pricey

4 Overall loved our stay and our kids made great friends!
4 Overall loved our stay
4 our kids made great friends

2 From the testimony that I read before I go to nusa dua I had pretty high expectations.
 
1 But it turns out to be an average experience. 

1 I had better experience staying in a hotel far below nusa dua beach and spa in reputation.
3 I had better experience staying in a hotel

3 That being said, the atmosphere was great and the facility was good.
3 the atmosphere was great and the facility was good

2 thank you.

1 I'll be honest, we were not over the moon with this hotel at first.
2 I'll be honest
3 we were not over the moon with this hotel at first

1 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel (although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing), and there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle.
1 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel
3 although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing
1 there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle
 
4 BUT, I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.
4 I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.

4 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great, the grounds and facilities look equally impressive, breakfast is very nice, and the beach is cleaned several times per day. The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view).
4 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great
4 the grounds and facilities look equally impressive
3 breakfast is very nice
3 beach is cleaned several times per day
4 The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view)

4 Overall, the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here.
4 the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here

4 Really enjoyed our holiday.

4 ...excellent breakfasts....good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing.
4 excellent breakfasts
3 good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing
3 good restaurants
1 Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing

1 Lacks authenticity. 

1 Underwhelming pizzas. 

1 The Chess Bar was great. 

1 Excellent burgers. 

2 Would return depending on the deal we could get. 
3 Would return
1 depending on the deal we could get

1 Renovations taking place at hotel should be disclosed to potential guests.

1 The only problem with this hotel is the wifi.

1 It is available in your room but only at a price.

1 At a five star hotel I certainly think it should be included. 

4 The food was exceptional. 

4 The best staff ever!!!!
 
3 The Nusa Dua Beach is a Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday.
3 Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday
3 Nico Place to stay
3 a relaxed Beach Holiday
 
3 Everything is Nico and clean. 
 
3 The stuf is friendly and helpul. 

3 We Liked Most the chess Bar with having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach.
3 We Liked Most the chess Bar
2 having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach

2 No Breakfast and No Wife.
 
2 ..we made the booking for 02 Adult and 02 Kids but when the confirmation printed showing only one adult....
 
1 extra 23 USD each for Breakfast which is more than the hotel rate. 
 
1 Though other hotel in the same area include breakfast for two.

4 This was the most amazing holiday we have ever experienced.
4 This was the most amazing holiday
2 we have ever experienced.

4 All staff were courteous,friendly and aimed to please in all things. 
4 aimed to please in all things

4 The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination for individuals, families and friends.
4 The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination

4 Could not recommend highly enough.

3 We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa and it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays.
2 We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa
3 it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays

4 Wonderful staff, brilliant location and food and the gardens are better than any I've seen.
4 Wonderful staff
4 brilliant location
4 food and the gardens are better than any I've seen
 
4 Can't recommend highly enough.

2 We stayed 5 nights in a Palace suite.

4 The Palace gives you special privileges including a separate dining area with breakfast, tea and happy hour, separate pool etc.
4 The Palace gives you special privileges

4 Our room was spacious and beautiful! 

4 The Balinese architecture of the resort is amazing. 

4 The staff really made us feel comfortable. 
4 really made us feel comfortable

3 They upgraded us to a suite upon arrival.
3 They upgraded us to a suite

4 The beach was very pretty and the water was pretty clean, a little garbage, but not excessive.
4 The beach was very pretty
4 the water was pretty clean
2 a little garbage, but not excessive.
1 a little garbage

2 Third time I was at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.

3 I hope I will have a chance to come back again. 
 
4 Realy peacefull and wonderfull spa + sauna.

3 Nice swinmming pool and large beach.
3 Nice swinmming pool
3 large beach
 
3 I have no complain ! 

4 Gorgeous property, wonderful location, amazingly helpful staff and delicious food.
4 Gorgeous property
4 wonderful location
4 amazingly helpful staff and delicious food
4 amazingly helpful staff
3 delicious food
 
4 This was our second visit with our young children and we will return again next year. 
3 This was our second visit with our young children
3 we will return again next year

4 Staff go above and beyond to make your stay a memorable one.
4 Staff go above and beyond
4 to make your stay a memorable one
 
3 It was hard to believe the property was 32 years old.

4 The condition and cleanliness was first class.

4 The staff were well trained and very friendly.

2 We were mainly there for the wedding of our niece.

3 Mr Nyoman Padma was particularly helpfull in making our stay memorable.

4 I appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, as well as the very friendly and helpful staff.
3 appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel
4 the very friendly and helpful staff

4 My kids had a blast. We loved the pool and the rooms were exquisite. From the time we entered the resort it was as if we were in this enchanted world
4 My kids had a blast. 
3 We loved the pool and 
4 the rooms were exquisite.
4 From the time we entered the resort it was as if we were in this enchanted world

3 The rooms were spaciousas ot is peaceful and serene, away from the bustling crouds, and at the same time close enough to the beach
3 The rooms were spaciousas
3  ot is peaceful and serene, 
3 away from the bustling crouds, and 
3 at the same time close enough to the beach

3 It was my holiday visit and I stayed there for 2 daysAnd let's not forget the reception did perfect business ambience
2 It was my holiday visit and I stayed there for 2 days
3 And let's not forget the reception did perfect business ambience

4 The money which I spent was valuable. The hotel is paradise, spent some blissful time there
3 The money which I spent was valuable.
4 The hotel is paradise, 
3 spent some blissful time there

3 There was absolutely no delay in check in and check out

3 It was easy to locate

3 A large flat screen TV, DVD player, a large bathroom and last but not least a wonderful bed with great pillows for a few days of rain (monsoon season)all facilities like hot water, geyser were available
3 A large flat screen TV, DVD player, a large bathroom and
3 last but not least a wonderful bed with great pillows for a few days of rain (monsoon season)
3 all facilities like hot water, geyser were available

3 All basic amenities were present in the room like fridge, TV, AC, bed, etcTV, geyser, wi-fi, coffee maker and fridge was available in the rooms

3 The rooms are very spacious with TV, AC, fridge with attached mini bar
3 The rooms are very spacious 
3 with TV, AC, fridge with attached mini bar

3 They did arrange all basic amenities in the room like TV, fridge, hot water, intercom, etc

3 All the different amenities of a 5-Star hotel with AC, TV and geyser were there and every thing was working properly
3 All the different amenities of a 5-Star hotel with AC, TV and geyser were there 
3 and every thing was working properly

3 sujay n dina(d owners of raksh) are cool, must be taking lots of efforts to maintain d place
3 sujay n dina(d owners of raksh) are cool,
3 must be taking lots of efforts to maintain d place

3 The room has a work area with composing materials, an expansive bed, a vast television, pot with tea offices, substantial storage room with protected, extensive bathroom with shower
3 The room has a work area with composing materials, 
3 an expansive bed,
3 a vast television,
3 pot with tea offices, 
3 substantial storage room with protected,
3 extensive bathroom with shower

3 The spacious rooms with comfortable bed full of pillows and flat screen TV
3 The spacious rooms 
3 with comfortable bed full of pillows 
3 and flat screen TV

3 The rooms, staff state of mind, cleanliness is past applause. The highlight for me was their bathrooms fitted with a walk in cupboard!
4 The rooms, staff state of mind, cleanliness is past applause. 
3 The highlight for me was their bathrooms fitted with a walk in cupboard!
 
4  I would definitely recommend others to stay here and I myself would love to go back there one day
4  I would definitely recommend others to stay here and
4  I myself would love to go back there one day

3 The room and the bathroom were cleaned properly. The bathrooms, toilets were so good I felt like stealing them
3 The room and the bathroom were cleaned properly. 
4 The bathrooms, toilets were so good I felt like stealing them

3 A place where nature, people and their hospitality take you to a different world which is really overwhelming
3 A place where nature, people and their hospitality take you to a different world
3 which is really overwhelming


3 this hotel jw marriot is situated in juhu on beach side while this hotel is close to airport and this hotel is five star property with all amenities such as fitness center,pool,full service spa
2 this hotel jw marriot is situated in juhu on beach side
3 while this hotel is close to airport and
3 this hotel is five star property with all amenities such as fitness center,pool,full service spa

3 Though beach is not just a walk away but they are providing van service to the beach and its just 5 minutes away
1 Though beach is not just a walk away but 
3 they are providing van service to the beach and its just 5 minutes away

3 Not exactly on the beach but super lush green surroundings with pleasing sounds of birds chirping and soothing sound of waterfalls (artificial)
3 Not exactly on the beach 
3 but super lush green surroundings 
3 with pleasing sounds of birds chirping and
3 soothing sound of waterfalls (artificial)

3 Taj exotica beach view is awesome and also garden area, swimming site

3 Visited goa after a long time with my life partner and felt the breeze of the beach at this scenic taj hotel
2 Visited goa after a long time with my life partner and
3 felt the breeze of the beach at this scenic taj hotel

3 I was satisfied, it is a little expensive, but facilities were good, the hotel room tariff was value for money and it is recommendable to others
3 I was satisfied,
1 it is a little expensive, 
3 but facilities were good, 
3 the hotel room tariff was value for money 
3 and it is recommendable to others

3 I have been to many countries and have stayed in many different hotels but the hospitality you get in India is worth your time and hard earned money. The money that I had spent at this hotel was value for money
2 I have been to many countries and have stayed in many different hotels but 
3 the hospitality you get in India is worth your time and hard earned money
3 The money that I had spent at this hotel was value for money 

3 It is worth the money spent, even though it is a little more expensive the others, but, then who says' that satisfaction comes cheap!!!
3 It is worth the money spent, 
1 even though it is a little more expensive the others, but, 
2 then who says' that satisfaction comes cheap!!!

3 Overall, this Club Mahindra resort is definitely worth the time and money But as usual nothing comes free, I think i paid more money for it however it was a good experience
3 Overall, this Club Mahindra resort is definitely worth the time and money 
1 But as usual nothing comes free, I think i paid more money for it 
3 however it was a good experience

3 The hotel room tariff was value for money and it is recommendable to others
3 The hotel room tariff was value for money and 
3 it is recommendable to others

3 There was no delay during check in and check out process and the hotel is worth for the money Overall experience was awesome and the stay was value for the money
3 There was no delay during check in and check out process and 
3 the hotel is worth for the money 
3 Overall experience was awesome and 
3 the stay was value for the money

3 This hotel was value for money so I would like to suggest it to others travellers
3 This hotel was value for money 
3 so I would like to suggest it to others travellers

3 It was value for money which I had spent there and I would like to recommend this hotel to other travellers
3 It was value for money which I had spent there and 
3 I would like to recommend this hotel to other traveller 

3 When I went to Goa last year I stayed at the Taj and they are ready tto help 24/7 any traveller, the food is unexceptional and out of this world and the service provided was far more than just outstanding and you can't wait for a long time for your order due to the well managed staff and accessibility
3 When I went to Goa last year I stayed at the Taj and they are ready tto help 24/7 any traveller,
3 the food is unexceptional and 
4 out of this world and the service provided was far more than just outstanding and 
3 you can't wait for a long time for your order due to the well managed staff and accessibility

3 Massive rooms overlooking the pool club nothing was a problem for the staff and all bookings for the services offered at the hotel were very efficiently handled by the hotel staff
3 Massive rooms overlooking the pool club 
3 nothing was a problem for the staff and 
3 all bookings for the services offered at the hotel were very efficiently handled by the hotel staff

3 This wing has its own pool near the restaurant and the restaurant serves \"breakfast\" all day - so you don't have to wake up on time for the included breakfast Variety of food with wide spread buffet breakfast,  lunch and dinner
3 This wing has its own pool near the restaurant and 
3 the restaurant serves \"breakfast\" all day - so you don't have to wake up on time for the included breakfast
3 Variety of food with wide spread buffet breakfast,  lunch and dinner

3 Initially we selected the terrace rooms but eventually after seeing the diwa section got ourselves upgraded to a diwa room, which was slightly pricey but worth the money as it had much more space for my overactive one year old to run around and play :)The room here was too good with a big soft bed, a sofa cum bed and a dry kitchenette with dining
3 Initially we selected the terrace rooms but eventually after seeing the diwa section got ourselves upgraded to a diwa room, which was slightly pricey but worth the money as
3 it had much more space for my overactive one year old to run around and play :)
3 The room here was too good with a big soft bed, a sofa cum bed and a dry kitchenette with dining

3 The Diwa wing comes with its own privileges - All day Breakfast, Diwa only Pool, Bigger & Better rooms
3 The Diwa wing comes with its own privileges - 
3 All day Breakfast, 
3 Diwa only Pool,
3  Bigger & Better rooms

3 J w Marriot is a 5 star hotels with all d facilities

3 I went to Goa with my friends on two months back and stayed in Taj exotica as part of Deccan Odyssey trip. Their room service menu also has nice variety
2 I went to Goa with my friends on two months back and stayed in Taj exotica as part of Deccan Odyssey trip
3 Their room service menu also has nice variety

3 The hotel was conveniently located and market, railway station, bus stand were just few kilometres away from the hotel
3 The hotel was conveniently located 
3 and market, railway station, bus stand were just few kilometres away from the hotel

3 Excellently located a bit outside the commotion of a regular hill station townIt is located nearby station, so the location of hotel is quite optimal
3 Excellently located a bit outside the commotion of a regular hill station town
3 It is located nearby station, so the location of hotel is quite optimal

3 As dangerous as it sounds, it is very safe and you are monitored by experts who ensure your safetyClub Mahindra Madikeri is a huge 35 acre resort with 220 rooms within a forest area
3 As dangerous as it sounds, it is very safe and you are monitored by experts who ensure your safety
3 Club Mahindra Madikeri is a huge 35 acre resort with 220 rooms within a forest area

3 Club Mahindra epitomizes the word resort- YesTHE JUNGLE AREA INSIDE THE RESORT DID PROVIDE THE GOOD SMALL TRECKING EXPERIANCE AND CLIMBING ON THE WATCHTOWER WAS TOTTALY NEW EXPERIANCE
3 Club Mahindra epitomizes the word resort- 
3 YesTHE JUNGLE AREA INSIDE THE RESORT DID PROVIDE THE GOOD SMALL TRECKING EXPERIANCE AND
3 CLIMBING ON THE WATCHTOWER WAS TOTTALY NEW EXPERIANCE

3 It is one of the biggest Club Mahindra properties with 220+ rooms spread across 35 acre of forest
3 It is one of the biggest Club Mahindra properties with 
3 220+ rooms spread across 35 acre of forest

3 The  AC suite having king size bed, big bath tub in wide bathroom, 40\" LCD with satellite channels, free WiFi access, private terrace, Electronic safe, wardrobe & some other small facilities

3 Each room has all type of luxurious amenities like TVs,telephone,WiFi and many more

3 The service like transportation,WiFi,inquiry desk and many more are provided by hotel

3 There was a valley view grasped from the room and no delay in check-in and checkout procedure
3 There was a valley view grasped from the room and
3 no delay in check-in and checkout procedure

3 The behaviour of the staffs in the hotel was good, and there was no delay in check in and checkoutthe expectations were set in advance as we had first landed at Club Mahindra Virajpet, Coorg property which was simply fab
3 The behaviour of the staffs in the hotel was good, 
3 and there was no delay in check in and checkout
3 the expectations were set in advance as we had first landed at Club Mahindra Virajpet, Coorg property which was simply fab

3 The rooms are quite spacious and super clean with all amenities
3 The rooms are quite spacious and 
3 super clean with all amenities

2 Places of Visit: Dubbare Elephant Camp, Golden Temple & Buddist Monestry at Kushalnagar, Nagarhole National Park, Nisargadham (Bamboo Forest Trail), Talakaveri (origin of Cauvery river), etc

3 we had enjoyed the trip in that place the sight seeing,thala cauvery,elephant riding,boating,buddha temple it was wondreful place to visit with family
3 we had enjoyed the trip in that place the sight seeing,thala cauvery,elephant riding,boating,buddha temple
3 it was wondreful place to visit with family

2 I had pool and Mountain View from my room

2 If you like to roam around, you will find some waterfalls, talacauvery (one of the places people normally go) and a must visit, better while returning or any day to the Buddhist monestry at KushalNagar

3 Pool with activities makes it even more popular amongst the older kids iNote is we have lots and lots of activities inside the resort and there is no need for any sightseeing or other activities needed
3 Pool with activities makes it even more popular amongst the older kids i
3 Note is we have lots and lots of activities inside the resort and there is no need for any sightseeing or other activities needed

3 I stayed in this hotel in last month during my bachelor party and really what a visit it was and this all became because of my friends

2 Basic amenities like hot water, geyser, fridge, mini bar, etc

3 There are swimming pool, kids zone, spa, library, Theatre, game facility also and very much exiciting
3 There are swimming pool, kids zone, spa, library, Theatre, 
3 game facility also and very much exiciting

3 Swimming pool, spa, and massage were available in the hotel

3 Though beach is not just a walk away but they are providing van service to the beach and its just 5 minutes 
1 Though beach is not just a walk away 
3 but they are providing van service to the beach and its just 5 minutes away

3 The only thing is its not on the beach, but 1 km from this resort is the beach and they have buggies to take u there and bring back when ever you want
1 The only thing is its not on the beach, but 1 km from this resort is the beach and
3  they have buggies to take u there and bring back when ever you want

3 Not exactly on the beach but super lush green surroundings with pleasing sounds of birds chirping and soothing sound of waterfalls (artificial)The resort had pick-up and drop facility for the small distance though and a security staff at the beach front too
1 Not exactly on the beach 
3 but super lush green surroundings with pleasing sounds of birds chirping 
3 soothing sound of waterfalls (artificial)
3 The resort had pick-up and drop facility for the small distance though and a security staff at the beach front too

3 This wing has its own pool near the restaurant and the restaurant serves \"breakfast\" all day - so you don't have to wake up on time for the included breakfast
3 This wing has its own pool near the restaurant 
3 and the restaurant serves \"breakfast\" all day - 
3 so you don't have to wake up on time for the included breakfast

3 Coming to the food we were greeted every morning with a grand spread of breakfast buffet in the Oviv restaurant with a lot of seating area and once again super courteous staff!
3 Coming to the food we were greeted every morning with a grand spread of breakfast buffet in the Oviv restaurant
3 with a lot of seating area and 
3 once again super courteous staff!

3 Diwa Club, Leisure Concierge services, Kids Club & teen zone, Privatised mini theatre to enjoy movies, library, Alila living boutique, Complimentary beach shuttle to reach Gonsua beach
3 Diwa Club, 
3 Leisure Concierge services, 
3 Kids Club & teen zone, 
3 Privatised mini theatre to enjoy movies, library, 
3 Alila living boutique, 
3 Complimentary beach shuttle to reach Gonsua beach

3 Massive rooms overlooking the pool club nothing was a problem for the staff and all bookings for the services offered at the hotel were very efficiently handled by the hotel staff
3 Massive rooms overlooking the pool club
3 nothing was a problem for the staff and 
3 all bookings for the services offered at the hotel were very efficiently handled by the hotel staff

3 Overall, everything in this hotel was excellent and they provided food it was good, but they provided north Indian food with both veg and non-veg, it was a buffet system
4 Overall, everything in this hotel was excellent and 
3 they provided food it was good, 
2 but they provided north Indian food with both veg and non-veg, 
2 it was a buffet system

3 The entertainment and amenities are plenty like Quan Spa, outdoor infinity and saltwater pools & fitness centers
3 The entertainment and amenities are plenty
3 like Quan Spa, outdoor infinity and saltwater pools & fitness centers

3 Room ambient are so good and hotel provides SPA, Swimming pool, fitness facility, etc
3 Room ambient are so good and 
3 hotel provides SPA, Swimming pool, fitness facility, etc

3 The food was awesome and the lounge had a great view just opposite swimming pool
4 The food was awesome and 
3 the lounge had a great view just opposite swimming pool

3 As soon as you see the enterance you are mesmerised by the view and the pleasent feeling, and once you enter the mail lobby you are greeted with a pleasent smell thats just undefinable
3 As soon as you see the enterance you are mesmerised by the view and the pleasent feeling, 
3 and once you enter the mail lobby you are greeted with a pleasent smell thats just undefinable

3 this hotel jw marriot is situated in juhu on beach side while this hotel is close to airport and this hotel is five star property with all amenities such as fitness center,pool,full service spaits feel a London hotel here available all facility like swimming pool , beach and other games facility which provide to us joyful   moments
2 this hotel jw marriot is situated in juhu on beach side
3 while this hotel is close to airport and this hotel is five star property with all amenities such as fitness center,pool,
3 full service spaits feel a London hotel here available 
3 all facility like swimming pool , beach and other games facility which provide to us joyful   moments

3 I along with my family stayed at jw Marriott on our holiday and JW Mariott made it more special
3 I along with my family stayed at jw Marriott on our holiday and
3 JW Mariott made it more special

3 We had a very large room, new furniture and sanitary ware, kettle, iron, refrigerator, in general is all about what you can dream vacation
3 We had a very large room, new furniture and sanitary ware, kettle, iron, refrigerator,
4 in general is all about what you can dream vacation

3 it is situated in Juhu which is again a nice place to stay in when u r touring d city
2 it is situated in Juhu
3 which is again a nice place to stay in when u r touring d city

3 I have been to many countries and have stayed in many different hotels but the hospitality you get in India is worth your time and hard earned money
2 I have been to many countries and have stayed in many different hotels but 
3 the hospitality you get in India is worth your time and hard earned money

3 The hotel is about 25 mins from the airport and there a lot of bars, lounges and eating places nearby
3 The hotel is about 25 mins from the airport and 
2 there a lot of bars, lounges and eating places nearby

3 The hotel was located within the city itself and it was approximately 10 minutes away from the airportin short its the perfect hotel to stay if u dont have work in south mumbai because its far from colaba but near to the airport
2 The hotel was located within the city itself and 
2 it was approximately 10 minutes away from the airport
3 in short its the perfect hotel to stay if u dont have work in south mumbai because its far from colaba but near to the airport

3 I am a bachelor and enjoy my bachelorhood paying attention on keep fit activities such as swimming early morning jogging meditation etc. There is a jacuzzi, swimming pool and many other activities
2 I am a bachelor and enjoy my bachelorhood paying attention on keep fit activities such as swimming early morning jogging meditation etc.
3 There is a jacuzzi, swimming pool and many other activities

3 All facilities as hot water, geyser, microwave, fridge, TV, AC was available

3 The appearance of the hotel was good and backside there was a swimming pool and garden it was looking good
3 The appearance of the hotel was good and 
3 backside there was a swimming pool and garden it was looking good

3 There are almost 3-4 swimming pools and a small garden making it the favourite among childrenThe swimming pool, gym, indoor and outdoor games were there
3 There are almost 3-4 swimming pools and a small garden making it the favourite among children
3 The swimming pool, gym, indoor and outdoor games were there

3 There was no extra activity in the hotel, but there was a swimming pool provided in the hotelmy room was a deluxe room it was just fantastic
1 There was no extra activity in the hotel, 
3 but there was a swimming pool provided in the hotel
4 my room was a deluxe room it was just fantastic

3 But totally was in love with the pool and the gym

3 The Gym was good but the pool was out of service
3 The Gym was good but 
1 the pool was out of service

2 Swimming pool and gym facility were available

3 It has various facilities like Lounge, Gym, pool etc to indulge yourself

3 Courteous staff, Big Gym facility with trainer available all the timeSwimming pool, spa, gym, and other activity was thereIt has a very goo gym facility as wel, 
3 Courteous staff,
3 Big Gym facility with trainer available all the time
3 Swimming pool, spa, gym, and other activity was there
3 It has a very goo gym facility as wel, 

3 Room having great see view this adds the stars to the experienceBasic amenities like hot water, geyser, fridge, mini bar, etcThere was no delay in billing as well as check in and checkout
3 Room having great see view this adds the stars to the experience
3 Basic amenities like hot water, geyser, fridge, mini bar, etc
3 There was no delay in billing as well as check in and checkout

3 When I went to Goa last year I stayed at the Taj and they are ready tto help 24/7 any traveller, the food is unexceptional and out of this world and the service provided was far more than just outstanding and you can't wait for a long time for your order due to the well managed staff and accessibility
3 When I went to Goa last year I stayed at the Taj and they are ready tto help 24/7 any traveller, 
4 the food is unexceptional and out of this world and 
3 the service provided was far more than just outstanding and 
3 you can't wait for a long time for your order due to the well managed staff and accessibility

3 Vast compound to roam around, nice pool (though I didn't take a dip), attentive staff and sea side location- all are greathotel is just awsum by location rooms services activities pool its on beech and goa is just supurb place to make your holidays perfect
3 Vast compound to roam around,
3 nice pool (though I didn't take a dip), 
3 attentive staff and sea side location- all are great
3 hotel is just awsum by location rooms services activities pool
3  its on beech and
3 goa is just supurb place to make your holidays perfect

3 I advice this hotel is just a paradise for those who are travelling there for romantic and  leisure trip, this hotel is just the right choice for uFrom cycling, archery and indoor sports to a heavenly Spa experience will make it a fulfilling holiday
3 I advice this hotel is just a paradise for those who are travelling there for romantic and  leisure trip, 
3 this hotel is just the right choice for u
3 From cycling, archery and indoor sports to a heavenly Spa experience will make it a fulfilling holiday

3 We also had several spa treatments in the lovely spa and again the staff were very helpful
3 We also had several spa treatments in the lovely spa and 
3 again the staff were very helpful

3 I advice this hotel is just a paradise for those who are travelling there for romantic and  leisure trip, this hotel is just the right choice for uhotel is just awsum by location rooms services activities pool its on beech and goa is just supurb place to make your holidays perfect
3 I advice this hotel is just a paradise for those who are travelling there for romantic and  leisure trip, 
3 this hotel is just the right choice for u
3 hotel is just awsum by location rooms services activities pool its on beech and 
3 goa is just supurb place to make your holidays perfect

3 Very goo hotel to stay overall best in class no need to give any rating this is the best, from front office & corridor to room , restaurant , management , chef , food , everything is amazing go try to this hotel in your stay in goa , try see food prawns , poplet , chicken food is also very good
3 Very goo hotel to stay 
3 overall best in class
3 no need to give any rating this is the best, 
3 from front office & corridor to room , restaurant , management , chef , food , everything is amazing 
3 go try to this hotel in your stay in goa , 
3 try see food prawns , poplet , chicken food is also very good

3 The food was excellent and the room was very spacious , many varities of foods are available , also many children activities are their
4 The food was excellent and
3 the room was very spacious , 
3 many varities of foods are available ,
3 also many children activities are their

3 The hotel does have a mini golf course, archery, dancing lesson and several other activities to keep both adults and children busy but it is also the ideal place to chill and do nothingArchery, cycling are good thought of activities
3 The hotel does have a mini golf course, archery, dancing lesson and several other activities to keep both adults and children busy 
3 but it is also the ideal place to chill and do nothing
3 Archery, cycling are good thought of activities

3 There are all facilities for the leisure traveler or the business visitor in terms of recreational activities, banquet/conference rooms etcThe jacuzzi was clean and upto the taj standards
3 There are all facilities for the leisure traveler or the business visitor in terms of recreational activities, banquet/conference rooms etc
3 The jacuzzi was clean and upto the taj standards

3 Recently visited taj exotica for a short trip and here we were taken away with its beautiful lawns and landscapes
2 Recently visited taj exotica for a short trip and
3 here we were taken away with its beautiful lawns and landscapes

3 Opt for a villa rather than a room and one facing the garden and oceanLarge rooms with high ceilings and tastefully done decor makes it really comfortable and cozy
2 Opt for a villa rather than a room and one facing the garden and ocean
3 Large rooms with high ceilings and tastefully done decor makes it really comfortable and cozy

3 Complimentary breakfast was there that was English type like bread, butter, etc

3 The swimming pool was the biggest attraction and we spent a lot of time in it during our complete stay in the hotelGood swimming pool, as well as Gym but i could not used it
3 The swimming pool was the biggest attraction and we spent a lot of time in it during our complete stay in the hotel
3 Good swimming pool, as well as Gym but i could not used it

2 I went to Goa with my friends on two months back and stayed in Taj exotica as part of Deccan Odyssey trip

3 I really like d hotel n v all enjoyed d propertyIt is worth the money spent, even though it is a little more expensive the others, but, then who says' that satisfaction comes cheap!!!
3 I really like d hotel n v all enjoyed d property
3 It is worth the money spent,
3 even though it is a little more expensive the others, but, 
3 then who says' that satisfaction comes cheap!!!

3 I am totally satisfied with the amount of money I have spent at the hotel

3 It was valued for the money and I would like to recommend this hotel to other travellers
3 It was valued for the money and 
3 I would like to recommend this hotel to other travellers

3 When arriving at the hotel we were greeted with a warm welcome and the hostess arranged our rooms immediately, even though we had come in before the check-in time
3 When arriving at the hotel we were greeted with a warm welcome and
3 the hostess arranged our rooms immediately, even though we had come in before the check-in time

2 If you have ever worked out while in school or just headed to the gym on a daily basis one can only imagine the amount of germs that must exist on the equipment

3 Hotel was conveniently located, situated in the cityThe beds, washrooms, mini bars, restaurants, gym, etcSwimming pool, gym, water sports etc 
3 Hotel was conveniently located, situated in the city
2 The beds, washrooms, mini bars, restaurants, gym, etc 
2 Swimming pool, gym, water sports etc 

3 There was swimming pool, gym and everything was there

3 Unfortunately our stay was only for three nights but it was the most amazing stay and we wish we could have stayed longerits 25 to 30 kms from airpoirt but taj provides airport transfer AC, TV, Geyser was working properly
2 Unfortunately our stay was only for three nights 
3 but it was the most amazing stay and we wish we could have stayed longer
3 its 25 to 30 kms from airpoirt but taj provides airport transfer 
3 AC, TV, Geyser was working properly

3 All basic amenities like TV, AC were available and was working properly TV, AC, geyser, everything were available in the room
3 All basic amenities like TV, AC were available and was working properly
3 TV, AC, geyser, everything were available in the room

3 All the different amenities of a 5-Star hotel with AC, TV and geyser were there and every thing was working properly
3 All the different amenities of a 5-Star hotel with AC, TV and geyser were there and 
3 every thing was working properly

3 ALL THE AMMENITIES INTHE ROOM ARE AVAILABLE LIKE PHONE , TV , FRIDGE, INTERNET FACILITYThere was no delay in check in and checkout processthere are good facilities like ac,pool,wifi,restaurant restaurants pubs market is very easyone is for goan food lovers  and another one is a italian restaurant apart from the multicuisine restaurant
3 ALL THE AMMENITIES INTHE ROOM ARE AVAILABLE LIKE PHONE , TV , FRIDGE, INTERNET FACILITY
3 There was no delay in check in and checkout process
3 there are good facilities like ac,pool,wifi,restaurant
3 restaurants pubs market is very easyone is for goan food lovers  and another one is a italian restaurant apart from the multicuisine restaurant


3 The Chef prepared a special delicacy for us \"Nali Biryani\" which was the best biryani that we have had till date
3 The Chef prepared a special delicacy for us \"Nali Biryani\"
3 which was the best biryani that we have had till date

4 The bathrooms are mindblowing

3 One things i like very most in this hotel that drinks and snacks are free

3 This hotel is situated near the beach and surrounding are very attractive

3 Finally I want to say that this is awesome hotel to stay in Goa for visiting beach and spend holiday tripStaying at OYO Premium colva beach is really a premium experience
4 Finally I want to say that this is awesome hotel to stay in Goa 
3 for visiting beach and spend holiday trip
3 Staying at OYO Premium colva beach is really a premium experience

3 The beaches of Goa are too close to hotelThis hotel have all type of facilities like transportation system,free WiFi, inquiry desk and many more
3 The beaches of Goa are too close to hotel
3 This hotel have all type of facilities like transportation system,free WiFi, inquiry desk and many more

3 The hotel have amenities like transportation system, free WiFi, inquiry desk and many more

3 Each room has all type of luxurious amenities like TVs,telephone,WiFi and many more

3 The service like transportation,WiFi,inquiry desk and many more are provided by hotel

3 This hotel have amenities like transportation,inquiry office,WiFi and many more

3 This hotel have big room and having TVs,AC,telephone etcOnce again oyo has shown its loyalty towards its clients, what ever was promised was actually given to us, they launched
3 This hotel have big room and having TVs,AC,telephone etc
3 Once again oyo has shown its loyalty towards its clients, what ever was promised was actually given to us, they launched

3 A famliy hotel which is very good i founded this via holiday iqOyo is really trustworthy name
3 A famliy hotel which is very good
2 i founded this via holiday iqOyo is really trustworthy name

3 I stayed in this hotel in last month during my bachelor party and really what a visit it was and this all became because of my friends
2 I stayed in this hotel in last month during my bachelor party and 
3 really what a visit it was and this all became because of my friends

3 The property has 4/5 good restaurants with variety of food ( in buffet and ala  carte and variety  include, veg/nonveg,,indian ( south Indian/North Indian besides local delicacies ) , chinese, continental etcthe bed were soft with plush mattress and  Amazingly tasty aromatic food  and good staff  with quick check inn  make me first ever find no problem or complain over club mahindra coorg medikeri resort
3 The property has 4/5 good restaurants with variety of food ( in buffet and ala  carte and variety  include, veg/nonveg,,indian ( south Indian/North Indian besides local delicacies ) , chinese, continental etc
3 the bed were soft with plush mattress and 
3 Amazingly tasty aromatic food  and good staff  with quick check inn  make me first ever find no problem or complain over club mahindra coorg medikeri resort

3 Attention has been paid to small details like personally signed welcome notes by resort manager, umbrellas provided in monsoons, since rooms are far from reception and located uphill car pick up drop is available, kiddie zone, lots of activities to keep you busy, well stocked library, creative arts activities, video games, etc
3 Attention has been paid to small details like personally signed welcome notes by resort manager, 
3 umbrellas provided in monsoons, 
3 since rooms are far from reception and located uphill car pick up drop is available,
3 kiddie zone, lots of activities to keep you busy, well stocked library, creative arts activities, video games, etc

4 you guy's will not belive me that room were like heaven and the staff memyers where  kind and good and the activities  like indoor games and singing dancing had fun
4 you guy's will not belive me that room were like heaven and 
3 the staff memyers where  kind and good and 
3 the activities  like indoor games and singing dancing had fun

3 The outdoor activities for young like river rafting, bumpy ride etc and for the elders/old couples the visit to the scared river cavery temple

3 The food, rooms, and the out door activities and kids play areas are simply awesome

3 There was well-maintained swimming pool, more games for children and more extra activities for elders but it was free of cost
3 There was well-maintained swimming pool, 
3 more games for children and 
3 more extra activities for elders 
3 but it was free of cost

2 I went here with family for sightseeing in June 2014 and my native place is Vijayawada and mother tongue Telugu

3 Resort hosts lot of family games, evening function and member's meet to entertain guests

3 The facilities included Health Club, Spa, Gym,  yoga, Swimming pool  which help one in relaxation as well as health care

4 Club Mahindra Kodagu Valley Resort ( Coorg ) is one of the best Resorts of the Group - ambience / rooms / facilities / cleanliness / all were of a high standard Other facilities like swimming pool, gym and spa were also provided in the hotel
4 Club Mahindra Kodagu Valley Resort ( Coorg ) is one of the best Resorts of the Group -
3  ambience / rooms / facilities / cleanliness / all were of a high standard 
3 Other facilities like swimming pool, gym and spa were also provided in the hotel

3 Resort having lot of facilities like swiming pool , indoor and out door games, SPA etc

3 We reached the resort in the afternoon and check in was super quick, as soon as we reached the room we really loved the view from the room & balcony, we felt very close to nature
3 We reached the resort in the afternoon and check in was super quick, 
3 as soon as we reached the room we really loved the view from the room & balcony, 
3 we felt very close to nature

3 The rooms used to clean regularly and hot water facility was availableI was satisfied, it is a little expensive, but facilities were good, the hotel room tariff was value for money and it is recommendable to others
3 The rooms used to clean regularly and 
3 hot water facility was available
3 I was satisfied, 
3 it is a little expensive, but facilities were good, 
3 the hotel room tariff was value for money and
3 it is recommendable to others

3 The money that I had spent at this hotel was value for money

3 Overall, this Club Mahindra resort is definitely worth the time and money

3 The hotel room tariff was value for money and it is recommendable to others

4 Overall experience was awesome and the stay was value for the money

4 Overall experience was awesome and the stay was value for the money

4 It was value for money which I had spent there and I would like to recommend this hotel to other travellers
3 It was value for money which I had spent there and 
3 I would like to recommend this hotel to other travellers

3 Variety of food with wide spread buffet breakfast,  lunch and dinnerTV, geyser, wi-fi, coffee maker and fridge was available in the rooms
Variety of food with wide spread buffet breakfast,  lunch and dinner
3 TV, geyser, wi-fi, coffee maker and fridge was available in the rooms

3 The rooms are very spacious with TV, AC, fridge with attached mini barthere was table tennis, badminton courts there is a play area for kids, they have books to read, dvd\\'s to rent, adventure sports and a really nice swimming pool
3 The rooms are very spacious 
3 with TV, AC, fridge with attached mini bar
3 there was table tennis, badminton courts there is a play area for kids, they have books to read, dvd\\'s to rent, adventure sports and
3  a really nice swimming pool

3 To give some idea, you can play cricket with automatic cricket ball dispenser, Badminton, Archery, in indoor they have full size play areas for kids ball pit , trampoline, sliding etc, beyond this they can do craft work, play air hokey, table tennis, carom and good set up for video games
3 To give some idea, you can play cricket with automatic cricket ball dispenser, Badminton, Archery, 
3 in indoor they have full size play areas for kids ball pit , trampoline, sliding etc, 3 beyond this they can do craft work, play air hokey, table tennis, carom and good set up for video games

3 The two swimming pools, the play area, the cricket play area, the badminton court all was so well layed out that we spent all day only in the resort enjoying the facilitiesClub Mahindra Madikeri is a huge 35 acre resort with 220 rooms within a forest area
3 The two swimming pools, the play area, the cricket play area, the badminton court all was so well layed out that we spent all day only in the resort enjoying the facilities
3 Club Mahindra Madikeri is a huge 35 acre resort with 220 rooms within a forest area

3 The hotel is located amidst spawning tropical forest spread across acres of land

3 THE JUNGLE AREA INSIDE THE RESORT DID PROVIDE THE GOOD SMALL TRECKING EXPERIANCE AND CLIMBING ON THE WATCHTOWER WAS TOTTALY NEW EXPERIANCE
3 THE JUNGLE AREA INSIDE THE RESORT DID PROVIDE THE GOOD SMALL TRECKING EXPERIANCE AND 
3 CLIMBING ON THE WATCHTOWER WAS TOTTALY NEW EXPERIANCE

3 It is one of the biggest Club Mahindra properties with 220+ rooms spread across 35 acre of forest
3 It is one of the biggest Club Mahindra properties with
3 220+ rooms spread across 35 acre of forest

2 Place is spread over 32 acres of forestrea

3 Madekeri resort of Club Mahindra is very scenic, peaceful and gives the fell of living in the forests
3 Madekeri resort of Club Mahindra is very scenic, peaceful and 
3 gives the fell of living in the forests

2 Places of Visit: Dubbare Elephant Camp, Golden Temple & Buddist Monestry at Kushalnagar, Nagarhole National Park, Nisargadham (Bamboo Forest Trail), Talakaveri (origin of Cauvery river), etc

3 There was a valley view grasped from the room and no delay in check-in and checkout procedure
3 There was a valley view grasped from the room and 
3 no delay in check-in and checkout procedure

3 Only thing at the time of checkout the billing was not proper, hence had fight it to get to realitythe expectations were set in advance as we had first landed at Club Mahindra Virajpet, Coorg property which was simply fab
1 Only thing at the time of checkout the billing was not proper, hence had fight it to get to reality
3 the expectations were set in advance as we had first landed at Club Mahindra Virajpet, Coorg property which was simply fab

2 fortunately the rain god rained himself hence it didn\\'t spoil our week

3 staying in cottage made us feeling that staying at our home,tha hospitality,food,maintain that place \\\"AWESOME\\\"  we are planing to visit the place again thank u
3 staying in cottage made us feeling that staying at our home,
3 tha hospitality,food,maintain that place 
3 \\\"AWESOME\\\"  
3 we are planing to visit the place again thank u

3 we were surrounded by greenery, so loads of oxygen, soothing for our eyes, peaceful, heavenly for mumbaikars, he he! saw some beautiful birds

3 Don't miss the opportunity to stay here if you ever go to Coorg, and the tourist places are near by
3 Don't miss the opportunity to stay here if you ever go to Coorg, 
3 and the tourist places are near by

4 My boyfriend and I stayed here for a couple of days I'm from America and he is from Australia We were both impressed. The front desk and bell hop were both wonderful We used their bikes, which are free if you ask, and had a blast
2 My boyfriend and I stayed here for a couple of days 
3 I'm from America and he is from Australia We were both impressed. 
3 The front desk and bell hop were both wonderful 
4 We used their bikes, which are free if you ask, and had a blast

3 Food suggestions were great. Had a fantastic time, stylish modern room with plenty of space, friendly staff who always greet you with a warm smile, surrounding area a buzz with restaurants and bars
3 Food suggestions were great.
4 Had a fantastic time, 
3 stylish modern room with plenty of space, 
3 friendly staff who always greet you with a warm smile, 
3 surrounding area a buzz with restaurants and bars

3 They were renovating the hotel when we stayed but didnt really effect us and the little survival kit was a lovely touch
2 They were renovating the hotel when we stayed 
3 but didnt really effect us and 
3 the little survival kit was a lovely touch

4 My husband and I had a fabulous stay Very attentive, polite staff Beautiful room and the perfection position So close to everything, and right above the fantastic restaurants of Woolloomooloo Wharf Looking forward to returning when the renovations are complete
4 My husband and I had a fabulous stay 
3 Very attentive, polite staff 
3 Beautiful room and the perfection position
3  So close to everything, and 
3 right above the fantastic restaurants of Woolloomooloo Wharf 
3 Looking forward to returning when the renovations are complete

3 I always stay at Blue Hotel when travelling to Sydney. The location is fantastic, fine dining restaurants below, pubs across the road for more relaxed dining. Lovely views of the boats and the city and pack your runners for a walk or run around to Opera House. The renovation has improved what was already a fabulous hotel
3 I always stay at Blue Hotel when travelling to Sydney. 
4 The location is fantastic, 
3 fine dining restaurants below, 
3 pubs across the road for more relaxed dining. 
3 Lovely views of the boats and the city and 
3 pack your runners for a walk or run around to Opera House. 
3 The renovation has improved what was already a fabulous hotel

3 My husband and I recently stayed here to celebrate our anniversary and were so happy with the amazing welcome and phenomenal hospitality from the Blue staff Stuart, one of the managers was particularly lovely and really went above and beyond to make our night really special; even making reservations for us at the restaurants downstairs to make our night a little smoother
3 My husband and I recently stayed here to celebrate our anniversary and were so happy with the amazing welcome and phenomenal hospitality from the Blue staff Stuart,
3 one of the managers was particularly lovely and really went above and beyond to make our night really special; 
3 even making reservations for us at the restaurants downstairs to make our night a little smoother 

3 The rooms were fresh, contemporary and luxuriously comfortable (the towels and robes extra fluffy) We had the full breakfast in the morning and kept going back for more Such a large selection of options and great coffee made on request
3 The rooms were fresh, contemporary and luxuriously comfortable (the towels and robes extra fluffy)
3 We had the full breakfast in the morning and kept going back for more
3  Such a large selection of options and great coffee made on request

4 I was so happy with our stay at Blue and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as a amazing place to stay, with fantastic services and in a world class location Thanks so much Blue for making our anniversary a weekend to remember
4 I was so happy with our stay at Blue and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as a amazing place to stay, 
3 with fantastic services and in a world class location
3 Thanks so much Blue for making our anniversary a weekend to remember

3 My boyfriend and I stayed at the Blue Hotel a few weeks ago and had a fantasic stay We both live and work in Sydney but like to have hotel dates from time to time The location is unbeatable - one of the most beautiful spots in Sydney (Tip - go for a stroll through the Domain or the Botanic Gardens the next day) 
3 My boyfriend and I stayed at the Blue Hotel a few weeks ago and had a fantasic stay 
3 We both live and work in Sydney but like to have hotel dates from time to time
3 The location is unbeatable - one of the most beautiful spots in Sydney (Tip - go for a stroll through the Domain or the Botanic Gardens the next day) 

3 We were made aware of the renovations and the staff were extremely accommodating and did whatever they could to make our stay comfortable Each room had a little gift pack with earplugs, an eye mask and some much appreciated Bacardi for the renovations, and they also provided complimentary WIFI and breakfast boxes stocked with goodies 
3 We were made aware of the renovations and
3  the staff were extremely accommodating and did whatever they could to make our stay comfortable 
3 Each room had a little gift pack with earplugs, an eye mask and some much appreciated Bacardi for the renovations, and 
3 they also provided complimentary WIFI and breakfast boxes stocked with goodies

3 We stayed in one of the renovated rooms which was massive for a Sydney hotel - I thought we got upgraded but no, that's just the standard they offer :)We have already booked another stay with them. Thank you guys for being a professional hotel but also a little bit different - you set yourselves apart from the other players in the game
3 We stayed in one of the renovated rooms which was massive for a Sydney hotel - I thought we got upgraded but no, that's just the standard they offer :)
3 We have already booked another stay with them. 
3 Thank you guys for being a professional hotel 
3 but also a little bit different - you set yourselves apart from the other players in the game

4 This fabulous heritage listed building has the WOW factor all whilst maintaining its original character and cultureI recently stayed in Sydney for a special occasion and having traveled from the Gold coast (which I do frequently), I decided to see what Woolloomooloo Wharf had to offer instead of staying in the heart of the CBD
4 This fabulous heritage listed building has the WOW factor all whilst maintaining its original character and culture
2 I recently stayed in Sydney for a special occasion and having traveled from the Gold coast (which I do frequently),
3 I decided to see what Woolloomooloo Wharf had to offer instead of staying in the heart of the CBD

3 At the time my reservation was made, I was advised that the hotel was currently undergoing a refurbishment and therefore this was evident around the property With this in mind I was assured that every attempt would be made to ensure my experience was pleasant and not inconvenienced in any way - I was happy I had been made aware of this which was also made clear on their website and reservation confirmation paperwork 
2 At the time my reservation was made, I was advised that the hotel was currently undergoing a refurbishment and therefore this was evident around the property 
3 With this in mind I was assured that every attempt would be made to ensure my experience was pleasant and not inconvenienced in any way - 
3 I was happy I had been made aware of this which was also made clear on their website and reservation confirmation paperwork 

3 Upon arrival, I was pleasantly greeted by concierge and my luggage taken whilst I was directed to Reception to check in I was given a very warm welcome by the lovely ladies at guest services whom were extremely helpful and advised that during the refurbishment period, the hotel would be offering complimentary Wifi and breakfasta nice gesture which appealed to me (especially the Wifi) 
3 Upon arrival, I was pleasantly greeted by concierge and my luggage taken whilst I was directed to Reception to check in 
3 I was given a very warm welcome by the lovely ladies at guest services whom were extremely helpful 
3 and advised that during the refurbishment period, the hotel would be offering complimentary Wifi and breakfast
3 a nice gesture which appealed to me (especially the Wifi) 

3 Once check in was done and dusted and I had been provided with my keys (& a complimentary bottle of water), concierge personally escorted me to my room on Lv5 which was one of the newly renovated Loft Suites. My luggage was conveniently dropped of to the upstairs level, whilst I was still picking my jaw up of the ground One word - AMAZING the decor, fixtures and finishes were fabulous 
3 Once check in was done and dusted and I had been provided with my keys (& a complimentary bottle of water), concierge personally escorted me to my room on Lv5
3 which was one of the newly renovated Loft Suites.
3 My luggage was conveniently dropped of to the upstairs level, 
4 whilst I was still picking my jaw up of the ground
4 One word - AMAZING the decor, fixtures and finishes were fabulous 

3 The funky artwork, creative writing on the wall, well equipped mini bar and of course my favorite - the DIY cocktail kit waiting on the table to prepare you for the party BUT even better the very well thought of 'survival kit' for the morning after the night before Seriously these guys have thought of everything I was just blown away
3 The funky artwork, creative writing on the wall, well equipped mini bar and 
3 of course my favorite - the DIY cocktail kit waiting on the table to prepare you for the party 
3 BUT even better the very well thought of 'survival kit' for the morning after the night before
3 Seriously these guys have thought of everything
4 I was just blown away

3 Simple, but oh so elegant extras such as automatic blinds and sheer curtains were most impressive which looked over the beautiful wharf that view priceless.
3 Simple, but oh so elegant extras such as automatic blinds and sheer curtains were most impressive
3 which looked over the beautiful wharf that view priceless.

3 Good use of space in the living area, with a downstairs lavatory/vanity which added to the convenience Upstairs - another favorite - THAT BEDHEAD - a must see to believe The bed was comfortable and again the en-suite was well finished 
3 Good use of space in the living area, with a downstairs lavatory/vanity which added to the convenience
3 Upstairs - another favorite - THAT BEDHEAD - a must see to believe 
3 The bed was comfortable and 
3 again the en-suite was well finished 

3 Location was peaceful and convenient with the taxi rank located right out the front - so easy access to anywhere in the city I cannot wait to return when all the renovations are completed to sip on a cocktail in the new bar and enjoy dinner in the restaurant - it looks like its going to be magnificent 
3 Location was peaceful and convenient with the taxi rank located right out the front -
3  so easy access to anywhere in the city 
3 I cannot wait to return when all the renovations are completed to sip on a cocktail in the new bar and enjoy dinner in the restaurant -
3 it looks like its going to be magnificent 

4 This hotel is without a doubt the best in the city and my experience was flawless from beginning to end - I simply cannot fault it in anywayDo yourself a favor & get to BLUE and be ready to share the best hotel experience of your lifethanks for everything
4 This hotel is without a doubt the best in the city and
4 my experience was flawless from beginning to end - I simply cannot fault it in anyway
4 Do yourself a favor & get to BLUE and be ready to share the best hotel experience of your life
3 thanks for everything

1 Disappointed We were not made aware of the major renovations (or construction site) when we booked and if we had know we would not of booked or paid 4/5* pricesOur room was nice but very noisy
1 Disappointed We were not made aware of the major renovations (or construction site) when we booked
0 and if we had know we would not of booked or paid 4/5* prices
1 Our room was nice but very noisy

3 Thomas did his best to accommodate us And the breakfast boxes were appreciated
3 Thomas did his best to accommodate us And 
3 the breakfast boxes were appreciated


3 We stayed here on a weekend getaway from a hectic work week and were really surprised at how relaxing it was The hotel's historic exterior hides a modern funky interior currently being refurbished 
3 We stayed here on a weekend getaway from a hectic work week and were really surprised at how relaxing it was
3 The hotel's historic exterior hides a modern funky interior currently being refurbished 

3 The staff couldn't be more friendly and accommodating without going over the top We gratefully accepted an upgrade to a Marina View room which was spacious and airy with great water views The staff apologised for the current work activities on site and provided us with free Wi-Fi and breakfast as compensation 
3 The staff couldn't be more friendly and accommodating without going over the top 
3 We gratefully accepted an upgrade to a Marina View room which was spacious and airy with great water views 
3 The staff apologised for the current work activities on site and provided us with free Wi-Fi and breakfast as compensation 

3 They needn't have worried as we had a very relaxing stay The Hotel has a number of top class restaurants on site and various styles of eateries located nearby. A short walk through the Botanic Gardens gives you access to the city centre or if you prefer the nightlife of Kings Cross is a 10 minute walk away 
3 They needn't have worried as we had a very relaxing stay 
3 The Hotel has a number of top class restaurants on site 
3 and various styles of eateries located nearby 
3 A short walk through the Botanic Gardens gives you access to the city centre or if you prefer the nightlife of Kings Cross is a 10 minute walk away 

3 This was a great location, welcoming staff and we really couldn't have asked for any moreMy family recently stayed at Blue and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay We had connecting rooms with our children and the rooms were very spacious with lovely views
3 This was a great location, welcoming staff and we really couldn't have asked for any more
3 My family recently stayed at Blue and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay
3 We had connecting rooms with our children and the rooms were very spacious with lovely views

3 The free breakfast box was delicious with plenty of varietyOnce the renovations are completed, there will be lovely entertaining areas which hopefully we will return one day to use 
3 The free breakfast box was delicious with plenty of variety
3 Once the renovations are completed, there will be lovely entertaining areas which hopefully we will return one day to use 

3 Lastly the staff we're extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble, even my children commented on thisgreat location, on the other side of the Botanical Gardens 
3 Lastly the staff we're extremely helpful, 
3 nothing was too much trouble,
3  even my children commented on this
3 great location, on the other side of the Botanical Gardens 

3 Even thou Blue Sydney was renovating they were very accommodating great restuarants below the apartments and close by After the renovation it would be good to go back and see with a bar and seating areas, should be spectacularI spent 7 nights at this hotel including an extra night after our flight got delayed and can't recommend it enough 
3 Even thou Blue Sydney was renovating they were very accommodating 
3 great restuarants below the apartments and close by
3 After the renovation it would be good to go back and see with a bar and seating areas, should be spectacular

3 I spent 7 nights at this hotel including an extra night after our flight got delayed and can't recommend it enough. The room was spotless and spacious and the service staff were constantly cleaning and so friendly I used the gym every day and the outside terrace which was lovely to cool down after a workout The location is 10 minutes walk from the city through a lovely park or to Kings Cross station 
3 I spent 7 nights at this hotel including an extra night after our flight got delayed and can't recommend it enough. 
3 The room was spotless and spacious and 
3 the service staff were constantly cleaning and so friendly
3 I used the gym every day and the outside terrace which was lovely to cool down after a workout
3 The location is 10 minutes walk from the city through a lovely park or to Kings Cross station 

3 We visited a number of pubs and restaurants in the area and could not fault any of our experiences big recommendation for Fratelli Fresh, a little italian deli cafe which is nearby and Harry's van, a stonesthrow away with the best pies and hotdogs for a late night snack
3 We visited a number of pubs and restaurants in the area and could not fault any of our experiences 
3 big recommendation for Fratelli Fresh, a little italian deli cafe which is nearby and Harry's van, a stonesthrow away with the best pies and hotdogs for a late night snack

3 The abundance of restaurants at the harbourfront were always busy from breakfast to dinner, I am just sad that we didn't get to try more of them Woollomoloo wharf is a stunning location
3 The abundance of restaurants at the harbourfront were always busy from breakfast to dinner,
3 I am just sad that we didn't get to try more of them Woollomoloo wharf is a stunning location

3 The hotel was being refurbished while we were there but they left us a wee pack with vodka, earplugs and free wifi as compensation but it never affected our stay I hope I get the chance to go back and see it completed
3 The hotel was being refurbished while we were there but they left us a wee pack with vodka, earplugs and free wifi as compensation 
3 but it never affected our stay I hope I get the chance to go back and see it completed

1 When I booked this visit some months ago, no mention was made of the fact that the interior of this hotel was being gutted. 

1 Two days before arrival I was informed that some facilities might not be available On arrival the absence of a reception desk in the hotel tipped me off that something was up However, the hotel came to the party by providing in the room a so called "Noise Survival Kit" This contained a pair of earplugs-one each for my wife and I 
1 Two days before arrival I was informed that some facilities might not be available
1 On arrival the absence of a reception desk in the hotel tipped me off that something was up 
1 However, the hotel came to the party by providing in the room a so called "Noise Survival Kit" This contained a pair of earplugs-one each for my wife and I 

2 The receptionist explained that information about the refurbishment works was on the website On checking this I discovered that "the noisiest of works taking place from 10am to 5pm" When toe building began to rock at 0830, I assumed that this was an earth tremor However, the survival kit contained a pre-opened miniature of Bacardi rum to deal with this issue
2 The receptionist explained that information about the refurbishment works was on the website 
2 On checking this I discovered that "the noisiest of works taking place from 10am to 5pm" 
3 When toe building began to rock at 0830, I assumed that this was an earth tremor 
1 However, the survival kit contained a pre-opened miniature of Bacardi rum to deal with this issue

1 We were not disturbed by the room cleaners until after 500pm. This was irritating since the lack of any hotel foyer forced us to remain in the room, particularly in the wet weather
1 We were not disturbed by the room cleaners until after 500pm. 
1 This was irritating since the lack of any hotel foyer forced us to remain in the room, particularly in the wet weather

1 On trying to get some tea bags to replace the two provided for breakfast, I discovered that the receptionist was being pestered by someone complaining about the lack of transparency on the repairs They had obviously not checked the website after making their bookingIt is said that if you don't live in Sydney you are only camping out It seems from my experience that even if you are in Sydney you are also only a camper
1 On trying to get some tea bags to replace the two provided for breakfast, I discovered that the receptionist was being pestered by someone complaining about the lack of transparency on the repairs 
2 They had obviously not checked the website after making their booking
2 It is said that if you don't live in Sydney you are only camping out It seems from my experience that even if you are in Sydney you are also only a camper

3 The hotel is already amazing, so I can't wait to see it once the renovations are done We had a two level loft room and it was perfect The rooms are spacious, the bed was extremely comfortable and the amenities you're provided with make a point of difference to the other hotels in the area
3 The hotel is already amazing, so I can't wait to see it once the renovations are done 
3 We had a two level loft room and it was perfect
3 The rooms are spacious, the bed was extremely comfortable and the amenities you're provided with make a point of difference to the other hotels in the area

3 The reception staff were welcoming and happy to answer our questions when we had them It's in a prime location for both the city/harbour and Potts Point/Kings Cross I intend to stay again once the renovations are finished
3 The reception staff were welcoming and happy to answer our questions when we had them 
3 It's in a prime location for both the city/harbour and Potts Point/Kings Cross
3 I intend to stay again once the renovations are finished

3 Great location with easy to get to directions On site parking available at a very reasonable cost Location was very handy with a pleasant walk through the gardens around to the Opera house Plenty of local options for dinner or drinks Easy walk to Kings Cross & other local attractions
3 Great location with easy to get to directions 
3 On site parking available at a very reasonable cost 
3 Location was very handy with a pleasant walk through the gardens around to the Opera house 
3 Plenty of local options for dinner or drinks 
3 Easy walk to Kings Cross & other local attractions

3 I had initially wanted to stay at Blues sister hotel but it wasnt available on my travel dates, so I went with Blue and couldnt be happier with my decision For the same nightly rate, you get much more room and a better location at Blue By location, I mean easy access to the Opera House, Circular Quay (ferries to Taronga Zoo) and Harbor Bridge, cabs lined up on the curbside, a nice walk via Victoria St to Kings Cross train station (beautiful houses with Victorian-era terraces on Victoria St), and a quiet neighborhood on the waterfront 
2 I had initially wanted to stay at Blues sister hotel but it wasnt available on my travel dates, 
3 so I went with Blue and couldnt be happier with my decision 
3 For the same nightly rate, you get much more room and a better location at Blue By location, 
3 I mean easy access to the Opera House, Circular Quay (ferries to Taronga Zoo) and Harbor Bridge, cabs lined up on the curbside, a nice walk via Victoria St to Kings Cross train station (beautiful houses with Victorian-era terraces on Victoria St), and a quiet neighborhood on the waterfront 

3 If this is your first time in Sydney, Blue is the right choice The room is exactly as pictured (I booked Deluxe King Room), very spacious and clean, with a big bathroom and a big tub, and comfortable bed and pillows The blinds are controlled electronically The wharf is great for a stroll or jog 
3 If this is your first time in Sydney, Blue is the right choice 
3 The room is exactly as pictured (I booked Deluxe King Room),
3  very spacious and clean, with a big bathroom and a big tub, and comfortable bed and pillows 
3 The blinds are controlled electronically 
3 The wharf is great for a stroll or jog

3 As I said earlier, the area is quiet even though dining options are around The Harrys Cafe de Wheels food truck is parked right by the hotel You gotta try its food Wifi in the room was extremely reliable and a few TV channels had American shows. There is a gym and a pool at the hotel Towels are available and color-coordinated with the pool 
3 As I said earlier, the area is quiet even though dining options are around 
3 The Harrys Cafe de Wheels food truck is parked right by the hotel You gotta try its food 
3 Wifi in the room was extremely reliable and a few TV channels had American shows.
3 There is a gym and a pool at the hotel 
3 Towels are available and color-coordinated with the pool 

3 The hotel just changed hands and was undergoing renovation when I stayed there But rest assured that construction is limited to 11am - 4pm and I didn't find it noisy or obstructive at all Id highly recommend the hotel The staff was super helpful and friendly - front desk and restaurant Cleaning crew was quite efficient
3 The hotel just changed hands and was undergoing renovation when I stayed there But rest assured that construction is limited to 11am - 4pm and
3 I didn't find it noisy or obstructive at all 
3 Id highly recommend the hotel 
3 The staff was super helpful and friendly - front desk and restaurant 
3 Cleaning crew was quite efficient

3 I spent 12 days in Australia - in Sydney and Port Douglas Returning from far north Queensland I spent the last two nights at BLUE What a great place to stay
2 I spent 12 days in Australia - in Sydney and Port Douglas Returning from far north Queensland
2 I spent the last two nights at BLUE What a great place to stay

3 The rooms are spacious, sunny and comfortable with great views of the city. The location is also great with a great selection of restaurants on the wharf at the hotel and within a few hundred yards 
3 The rooms are spacious, sunny and comfortable with great views of the city. 
3 The location is also great with a great selection of restaurants on the wharf at the hotel and within a few hundred yards

3 There are some traditional and boutique pubs just across the road Downtown Sydney and shopping is an easy walk across the domain park and for some exercise a run or brisk walk around the waterfront through the botanic gardens to the Opera House is fantastic 
3 There are some traditional and boutique pubs just across the road Downtown Sydney and shopping is an easy walk across the domain park and
3 for some exercise a run or brisk walk around the waterfront through the botanic gardens to the Opera House is fantastic 

3 During my stay the hotel was in the process of being remodeled and although they warned of some noise during the day I was never disturbed The staff are friendly and accommodating with any requests The hotel also has bicycles for exploring the city and a great pool It will definitely be my preferred place to stay for my next visit to Sydney
3 During my stay the hotel was in the process of being remodeled and although they warned of some noise during the day I was never disturbed 
3 The staff are friendly and accommodating with any requests
3 The hotel also has bicycles for exploring the city and a great pool
3 It will definitely be my preferred place to stay for my next visit to Sydney

3 The facade of the Blue Sydney gave the impression of grandeur, industrial chic and obviously full of history We had been advised prior to our arrival that the blue Sydney was undertaking renovations but the noise was restricted to the hours of 8am to 3pm which would generally be when guest would be out and about 
3 The facade of the Blue Sydney gave the impression of grandeur, industrial chic and obviously full of history 
3 We had been advised prior to our arrival that the blue Sydney was undertaking renovations but the noise was restricted to the hours of 8am to 3pm which would generally be when guest would be out and about 

1 The noise was limited to when you were outside your room or in the reception area however it was a little disappointing to have overseas guest with us staying in a luxurious Sydney hotel with internal renovations to one half of the hotel happening
3 The noise was limited to when you were outside your room or in the reception area 
1 however it was a little disappointing to have overseas guest with us staying in a luxurious Sydney hotel with internal renovations to one half of the hotel happening

1 When we checked in we were advised that we had our rooms upgraded to loft rooms from king wharf rooms however these rooms are not suitable for people with any sort of disability and are not very well configured as the bedroom is upstairs and the large wardrobe is down stairs, meaning you showered upstairs but housed all your clothes downstairs There was a second toilet downstairs which assisted in some respects
1 When we checked in we were advised that we had our rooms upgraded to loft rooms from king wharf rooms however these rooms are not suitable for people with any sort of disability and are not very well configured as the bedroom is upstairs and the large wardrobe is down stairs, meaning you showered upstairs but housed all your clothes downstairs
3 There was a second toilet downstairs which assisted in some respects

1 The beds were comfortable, although the bedroom was not particularly large and the bathroom was very small, two people could not be in there at the same time 
3 The beds were comfortable, 
1 although the bedroom was not particularly large and 
1 the bathroom was very small, 
1 two people could not be in there at the same time 

3 The rooms we stayed in appeared to be in need of an upgrade and refreshIt appears from the artists impressions scattered throughout the hotel that once he renovations are completed that the hotel will be wonderful and I am looking forward to returning one day to have a look and experience the newness
1 The rooms we stayed in appeared to be in need of an upgrade and refresh
3 It appears from the artists impressions scattered throughout the hotel that once he renovations are completed that the hotel will be wonderful 
3 and I am looking forward to returning one day to have a look and experience the newness

3 The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always willing to have a chat and assist with anything they could The location was excellent as there are numerous pubs and restaurants within a couple of minutes and there are plenty of options for getting into the CBD
3 The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always willing to have a chat and assist with anything they could 
3 The location was excellent as there are numerous pubs and restaurants within a couple of minutes 
3 and there are plenty of options for getting into the CBD

3 Having stayed here for x3 nights it was marvelous to wake up everyday and be able to look over the water to the navy ships and go for a swim in one of the most gorgeous pools i have seen in a long time The water temperature is lovely for the little chill in the air but may be but warm once the weather heats up
3 Having stayed here for x3 nights it was marvelous to wake up everyday and be able to look over the water to the navy ships and go for a swim in one of the most gorgeous pools i have seen in a long time
3 The water temperature is lovely for the little chill in the air but may be but warm once the weather heats up

3 Rooms are lovely and spacious, wait to see what they do once finished the renovations Bathrooms little dated but again undergoing renovations that hope to be done dec Block out blinds for rooms hopefully updated also
3 Rooms are lovely and spacious, 
3 wait to see what they do once finished the renovations 
3 Bathrooms little dated but again undergoing renovations that hope to be done dec
3 Block out blinds for rooms hopefully updated also

3 New ownership takes over November Staff very friendly and helpful 
2 New ownership takes over November 
3 Staff very friendly and helpful 

4 I recently stayed at Blue with my family and found the hotel to be fantastic The staff were fantastic and even went that little bit extra by providing my wife with a gift of champagne, strawberries and dipping chocolate as we were celebrating her birthday The rooms are spacious and well decorated We had a room facing Garden island which was good sue to being a little quieter Kids loved the big indoor pool that we had to ourselves on two occasions. Looking forward to returning partcularly after renovations completed
4 I recently stayed at Blue with my family and found the hotel to be fantastic 
4 The staff were fantastic and
4  even went that little bit extra by providing my wife with a gift of champagne, strawberries and dipping chocolate as we were celebrating her birthday
3 The rooms are spacious and well decorated 
3 We had a room facing Garden island which was good sue to being a little quieter Kids loved the big indoor pool that we had to ourselves on two occasions
3 Looking forward to returning partcularly after renovations completed

3 Even though the motel is going through renovations it still provided us with a wonderful stay I was there with friends and we each had a fantastic boutique individually styled room which was on the top floor away from any potential noise 
3 Even though the motel is going through renovations it still provided us with a wonderful stay
3 I was there with friends and we each had a fantastic boutique individually styled room 
3 which was on the top floor away from any potential noise 

3 The motel located close to great restaurants and pubs that provide everything from gourmet to a beer at the local The staff at the Blue were fantastic Very friendly and helpful
3 The motel located close to great restaurants and pubs that provide everything from gourmet to a beer at the local 
3 The staff at the Blue were fantastic Very friendly and helpful

3 One of the most interesting hotels in the city It was once a derelict wharf and refurbished into a trendy hotel It is in a beautiful area in the city called Wooloomooloo and although it is close to the city, it is a bit of a trek to walk to the CBD It'll take you around 25-30 mins to walk to the city through beautiful parks (Hyde Park, Domain and Botanical Gardens)
3 One of the most interesting hotels in the city
3  It was once a derelict wharf and refurbished into a trendy hotel 
3 It is in a beautiful area in the city called Wooloomooloo and although it is close to the city, it is a bit of a trek to walk to the CBD
2  It'll take you around 25-30 mins to walk to the city through beautiful parks (Hyde Park, Domain and Botanical Gardens)

3 The rooms are smallish but adequate I chose a loft suite which provides a separate floor for living and sleeping, both overlooking the beautiful marina and the Sydney skyline
3 The rooms are smallish but adequate
3 I chose a loft suite which provides a separate floor for living and sleeping, both overlooking the beautiful marina and the Sydney skyline

1 Service was generally ok although sometimes, there is just no one around When i say quiet, the property is really quiet 
2 Service was generally ok 
1 although sometimes, there is just no one around When i say quiet, the property is really quiet 

1 The bar is only open on weekends Due to the carneverous size of the lobby and public spaces, there are no centralised heating so breakfast can be a rather cold experience in the winter, although they provide portable heaters
1 The bar is only open on weekends 
1 Due to the carneverous size of the lobby and public spaces, there are no centralised heating 
1 so breakfast can be a rather cold experience in the winter, 
3 although they provide portable heaters  

1 The hotel is in the same building as half a dozen good restaurants lining up the water Best to reserve a table in advance especially on weekends as it gets quite busyWifi and parking isnt free Breakfast is average but there isn't much on offer aroundStayed here for two nights at the end of August 
2 The hotel is in the same building as half a dozen good restaurants lining up the water 
2 Best to reserve a table in advance especially on weekends as it gets quite busy
1 Wifi and parking isnt free 
1 Breakfast is average but there isn't much on offer around
2 Stayed here for two nights at the end of August 

3 The room was a good size, clean and comfortable At night it was lovely and quiet, couldn't hear a thingThere are ongoing renovations at the hotel however this did not disrupt the stay, there was no disturbance although you could see some of the mess
3 The room was a good size, clean and comfortable 
3 At night it was lovely and quiet, couldn't hear a thing
2 There are ongoing renovations at the hotel 
3 however this did not disrupt the stay,
3  there was no disturbance although you could see some of the mess

3 On my last day I wasn't flying out until late evening, and as I was going to Bondi during the day I asked if it was possible to take a shower before collecting my luggage and leaving for the airport, the reception staff were more than happy to let me use the changing rooms by the swimming pool and provided me with towels, shower gel, etc and so were very accommodating
2 On my last day I wasn't flying out until late evening, 
2 and as I was going to Bondi during the day I asked if it was possible to take a shower before collecting my luggage and leaving for the airport,
3 the reception staff were more than happy to let me use the changing rooms by the swimming pool and provided me with towels, shower gel, etc and
3 so were very accommodating

3 On Behalf of Mr Greg Malouf I'm writing this review to say that he was recently at Blue Hotel for several nights, Blue Hotel and is his preferred accommodation for all his Sydney travels
2 On Behalf of Mr Greg Malouf I'm writing this review to say that he was recently at Blue Hotel for several nights, 
3 Blue Hotel and is his preferred accommodation for all his Sydney travels

3 The rooms are large, quiet and contemporary The staff were friendly and supportive and he would like to thanks Mr Adam Toloni the GM form Blue for taking care of my stay A hotel this excellent is definitely worth recommending to friends and business associates
3 The rooms are large, quiet and contemporary 
3 The staff were friendly and supportive and
3 he would like to thanks Mr Adam Toloni the GM form Blue for taking care of my stay
3 A hotel this excellent is definitely worth recommending to friends and business associates

3 Ive stayed at a few places on the habour and here a couple of times with friends while on night outs in the city I like this one the most Away from the city hussle but still amongst it at the same time Amazing features being an old cargo wharf
2 Ive stayed at a few places on the habour and here a couple of times with friends while on night outs in the city 
3 I like this one the most
3  Away from the city hussle but still amongst it at the same time 
4 Amazing features being an old cargo wharf
3 Rooms are quite and large, everything you would expect from a 4 star hotelstay

3 Boutique hotel built within old wool sheds Wonderful atmosphere with much of the original character of the building maintained 
2 Boutique hotel built within old wool sheds 
3 Wonderful atmosphere with much of the original character of the building maintained 

3 Great location on wharf at Wooloomooloo, and overlooking the navy docks The rooms are spacious and well appointed but windows and shutters could do with a good clean to make the best of the views 
3 Great location on wharf at Wooloomooloo, and overlooking the navy docks 
3 The rooms are spacious and well appointed 
1 but windows and shutters could do with a good clean to make the best of the views 

3 The reception staff were excellent and very accommodating Nothing was too much trouble Would recommend rooms further out on wharf for best views 
4 The reception staff were excellent and very accommodating 
3 Nothing was too much trouble 
3 Would recommend rooms further out on wharf for best views 

3 Currently undergoing renovations but this was not intrusive No ferry from wharf but good bus service or easy walk through gardens to city once you find the overpass About $15 by taxiWe went there last August 2015 during my birthday The staff gave us a champagne, wow, that was a first as opposed to a cliche birthday cake
3 Currently undergoing renovations but this was not intrusive
2 No ferry from wharf but good bus service or easy walk through gardens to city once you find the overpass
2 About $15 by taxiWe went there last August 2015 during my birthday 
3 The staff gave us a champagne, wow, that was a first as opposed to a cliche birthday cake

3 The hotel itself was really unique, I hope they won't change the look-and-feel that much The room view was not that bad, facing a bunch of navy ships, but I was hoping to have a harbour view with the city as the background I know it was still under renovation. My only gripe is the location of the pool, you have to literally walk along the hallway to reach it I hope this was just temporary because of the renovation that has been going on
3 The hotel itself was really unique,
2 I hope they won't change the look-and-feel that much 
3 The room view was not that bad, facing a bunch of navy ships,
2 but I was hoping to have a harbour view with the city as the background I know it was still under renovation
1 My only gripe is the location of the pool, you have to literally walk along the hallway to reach it 
2 I hope this was just temporary because of the renovation that has been going on

3 I booked a room for my sons birthday I advised the hotel when giving them my cc details The lady said they might be able to send something up to his room I was very surprised and happy to hear they sent a handwritten card wishing him happy birthday and some other gifts What a lively gesture My invoice was emailed to me with a note saying thank you for booking my sons birthday with them Need to check how everything else went but sounds great
2 I booked a room for my sons birthday I advised the hotel when giving them my cc details 
3 The lady said they might be able to send something up to his room I was very surprised and happy to hear they sent a handwritten card wishing him happy birthday and some other gifts 
3 What a lively gesture 
3 My invoice was emailed to me with a note saying thank you for booking my sons birthday with them 
3 Need to check how everything else went but sounds great

3 Booked hotel for Saturday night stay after going too see Les Miserables in the city As it was matinee called into Hotel to organise leaving car and luggage with them till returned from theatre On arrival advised us our room was ready and could check in immeadiately was great as we could organize ourselves before going out 
2 Booked hotel for Saturday night stay after going too see Les Miserables in the city 
2 As it was matinee called into Hotel to organise leaving car and luggage with them till returned from theatre
3 On arrival advised us our room was ready and could check in immeadiately
3 was great as we could organize ourselves before going out 

3 All staff were great nothing too hard for them room was of top quality thanks againI honestly considered barricading myself in the room so I didn't have to leave
3 All staff were great nothing too hard for them 
3 room was of top quality thanks again
3 I honestly considered barricading myself in the room so I didn't have to leave

3 When we arrived we were a bit disappointed because we booked through the wotif mystery deal we ended up in a twin room, which wasn't ideal for my partner and myself They were too full to move us on the first night, but they moved us on our second night to an amazing and huge room with water views and city views 
1 When we arrived we were a bit disappointed because we booked through the wotif mystery deal we ended up in a twin room, which wasn't ideal for my partner and myself 
3 They were too full to move us on the first night, but they moved us on our second night to an amazing and huge room with water views and city views 

3 The staff were super accommodating and helpful The hotel was doing renovations while we stayed but they gave us a cute 'noise survival kit' to combat it However, the noise wasn't an imposition anyway
3 The staff were super accommodating and helpful
3 The hotel was doing renovations while we stayed but they gave us a cute 'noise survival kit' to combat it
3 However, the noise wasn't an imposition anyway

0 Not only were we made to move rooms, I had all my Aesop products and a perfume stolen in the process which was a total value of about $500 Unacceptable The Service was terrible I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy They obviously employ criminals I would never stay here again
0 Not only were we made to move rooms, 
0 I had all my Aesop products and a perfume stolen in the process which was a total value of about $500 Unacceptable
0 The Service was terrible
0 I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy 
0 They obviously employ criminals 
0 I would never stay here again

3 The hotel was undergoing renovation work which started at 11am till 3pm which didn't bother us as we were out exploring during the day We stayed in a "luxury marina loft" which has the living room on 1st level and the bed and shower facilities in the loft 
3 The hotel was undergoing renovation work which started at 11am till 3pm which didn't bother us as we were out exploring during the day 
3 We stayed in a "luxury marina loft" which has the living room on 1st level and the bed and shower facilities in the loft 

3 There is no way we are able to carry out luggage up to the loft as the stairs are narrow and there is limited space on the loft which is impractical as one needs to shower upstairs and dress downstairs However, what we both like is the skylight as we are able to look at Sydney skyline during the evenings Overall, it's a nice hotel despite the impractical layout of the luxury marina loft
1 There is no way we are able to carry out luggage up to the loft as the stairs are narrow and there is limited space on the loft which is impractical as one needs to shower upstairs and dress downstairs 
3 However, what we both like is the skylight as we are able to look at Sydney skyline during the evenings
3 Overall, it's a nice hotel despite the impractical layout of the luxury marina loft

3 I have just recently spent a night at Blue Sydney and enjoyed it so much can't wait to go back 
3 I have just recently spent a night at Blue Sydney and
3 enjoyed it so much can't wait to go back 

3 The staff were so helpful and friendly, one of the best I have experience The location was central to the city and Kings Cross and some excellent eateries were nearby I would recommend anyone to stay there
3 The staff were so helpful and friendly,
4 one of the best I have experience
3 The location was central to the city and Kings Cross and some excellent eateries were nearby 
3 I would recommend anyone to stay there


3 This was my second stay at Blue and, like the first occasion, couldn't fault it The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. Nothing was a hassle and assisted in making bookings for restaurants on the wharf Stunning location, clean rooms, added bonus of valet parking, close to the city and all in an unique building Enjoyed the room service and yummy breakfast Would not hesitate to stay here again Thank you to the team at Blue
3 This was my second stay at Blue and, like the first occasion, couldn't fault it
3 The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. 
3 Nothing was a hassle and assisted in making bookings for restaurants on the wharf 
3 Stunning location, clean rooms, added bonus of valet parking, close to the city and
3 all in an unique building
3 Enjoyed the room service and yummy breakfast 
3 Would not hesitate to stay here again 
3 Thank you to the team at Blue

3 Never heard of this hotel group before but was very impressed with the little things Undergoing renovations so looks like it will look amazing by December
3 Never heard of this hotel group before but was very impressed with the little things
3 Undergoing renovations so looks like it will look amazing by December

3 They look after you by dropping in a cheeky shot of booze to help you get to sleep I like the vibe and the location is amazing
3 They look after you by dropping in a cheeky shot of booze to help you get to sleep 
3 I like the vibe and 
3 the location is amazing

3 I have stayed at Blue Hotel a few times now, mostly for business (but really for pleasure)The rooms, food, position, views and beds are all top notch, but it's the service that keeps us as a company coming back The people managing Blue Hotel clearly understand the importance of happy staff for happy customers
3 I have stayed at Blue Hotel a few times now, mostly for business (but really for pleasure)
3 The rooms, food, position, views and beds are all top notch,
3 but it's the service that keeps us as a company coming back 
3 The people managing Blue Hotel clearly understand the importance of happy staff for happy customers

3 After three nights in Blue Hotel, I came back to Melbourne a different person Relaxed, refreshed, well slept and energised I can't wait to stay againIf you're thinking Blue Hotel is slightly out of budget, pay the extra - you won't regret it
3 After three nights in Blue Hotel, I came back to Melbourne a different person
3 Relaxed, refreshed, well slept and energised 
3 I can't wait to stay again
3 If you're thinking Blue Hotel is slightly out of budget, pay the extra - you won't regret it

3 I absolutely loved Blue I'd been given a voucher to stay here with my mum and the staff were absolutely lovely The hotel is situated in the most perfect spot, away from the hustle and bustle of the city but close enough to get there on foot The rooms were clean and the breakfast was superb 
3 I absolutely loved Blue 
3 I'd been given a voucher to stay here with my mum and the staff were absolutely lovely
3 The hotel is situated in the most perfect spot, away from the hustle and bustle of the city but close enough to get there on foot 
3 The rooms were clean and 
4 the breakfast was superb 

3 The whole hotel was just so stylish and there is ample option for restaurants downstairs overlooking the lovely harbour with a picturesque view of the city high rises on the other side of the water Have to give a special mention to the WONDERFUL male on the front desk, who went out of his way to make my stay so much more enjoyable Would love to stay again
4 The whole hotel was just so stylish and 
3 there is ample option for restaurants downstairs overlooking the lovely harbour with a picturesque view of the city high rises on the other side of the water 
3 Have to give a special mention to the WONDERFUL male on the front desk, who went out of his way to make my stay so much more enjoyable 
4 Would love to stay again

3 Great hotel, in a super spot with awesome staff Whilst renovations are happening it certainly didn't spoil a thing We stayed in a loft room on the 5th floor Great layout and the right size for the two of us
3 Great hotel, in a super spot with awesome staff 
3 Whilst renovations are happening it certainly didn't spoil a thing 
3 We stayed in a loft room on the 5th floor 
3 Great layout and the right size for the two of us

3 There was a bottle of champagne and some goodies waiting for us as the hotel knew I was celebrating a birthday - this was a really nice touch The hotel manager even helped us negotiate a great price for dinner on the wharf Great location if you would prefer to be slightly out of the hustle of the CBD but close enough to walk right back in World class restaurants right outside the front door all the way along the wharf We are really looking forward to going back once all the work has completed, it is going to be amazing
3 There was a bottle of champagne and some goodies waiting for us as the hotel knew I was celebrating a birthday - this was a really nice touch 
3 The hotel manager even helped us negotiate a great price for dinner on the wharf 
3 Great location if you would prefer to be slightly out of the hustle of the CBD but close enough to walk right back in
3 World class restaurants right outside the front door all the way along the wharf
3 We are really looking forward to going back once all the work has completed, it is going to be amazing

3 A GREAT Boutique Hotel Quirky A most interesting entrance and check in areawith helpful and friendly staffWe had reserved a room with a view of the Marina which wasn't quite ready when we arrived, somewhat weary, from an early morning flight from Aucklandbut at check in they offered us coffeeand to speed up the preparation of our room
3 A GREAT Boutique Hotel Quirky 
3 A most interesting entrance and check in area
3 with helpful and friendly staff
2 We had reserved a room with a view of the Marina which wasn't quite ready when we arrived, somewhat weary, from an early morning flight from Auckland
3 but at check in they offered us coffeeand to speed up the preparation of our room

3 The room was extra large, well appointed and we had magnificent views of the Marinawe could also see across to the Botanical GardensThe room had excellent, unusual tea/coffee making facilitiesa good assortment of different teasas well as regular onesWe didn't eat breakfast there (as we linked up with friends to eat out of the hotel) but sighted the breakfast area which, again, was slightly, quirkily, beautifully "odd"or, just different
3 The room was extra large, well appointed and we had magnificent views of the Marina
3 we could also see across to the Botanical Gardens
3 The room had excellent, unusual tea/coffee making facilitiesa good assortment of different teasas well as regular ones
3 We didn't eat breakfast there (as we linked up with friends to eat out of the hotel) but sighted the breakfast area which, again, was slightly, quirkily, beautifully "odd"or, just different

A fun experiencenot inexpensivebut worth every Australian dollarThe staff of the Hotel were lovely and courteous The room was lovely however the position of the room was not so good I did request when I booked not to be near a road and was assured that I would not be placed near the road However when we arrived on Thursday evening the room we had been given was at the front of the hotel overlooking the road the noise to the room was extremely loud was woken up all 3 nights with people yelling and carrying on outside the front of the hotel and was unable to get back to sleep :( I would stay here again if I could be guaranteed not to be near the road and be further down the side of the hotel The reason I chose this hotel was because of the close proximity to the functions we were attending apart from the badly positioned room everything else was goodI will try this hotel again and hopefully my experience will be a better one

The Blue Sydney hotel in Sydney is an excellent option It has a great atmosphere, excellent service and the room is very comfortable It has great restaurants in the same location of the hotel, like an excellent chinese 

The hotel staff is very prestative and efficientI stayed here 9 years ago when the facility was under different management and loved it then, returned for the location steps from the Botanic Gardens Close to gardens and shops for me, and close to good, cheap eats for my 18 year old son I can happily report that the hotel has only improved with time 

Large room, clean, well appointed I love the large, soaking tub and the kettle with nice assortment of teas Attentive, helpful staff

Stayed here for our first wedding anniversary Great loft apartment style room with city views Location is fantastic easily walk to Botanic Gardens and Opera House etc but the other direction is Potts Point and heaps of great coffee and restaurants We dined at China Doll which is also in Finger Wharf Brilliant meal see other review 

Rooms very comfortable and staff friendly Pool area also niceStayed here for a night while travelling through Sydney 

The hotel was very nice, conveniently located, easy stroll to either Circular Quay or the city shopping precinct 

Upon arrival, valet parking was quick and easy Reasonably priced You'd be mad not to use this option if travelling in your own vehicle Staff at the front desk were great, pleasant and easy to deal with 

3 Room was nice and spacious Bed was comfortable and clean Bathroom was a good size The view from the balcony was beautiful Restaurants below this hotel are some of the best in the city Would recommend to others looking for a romantic weekend getaway
3 Room was nice and spacious
3  Bed was comfortable and clean 
3 Bathroom was a good size
3  The view from the balcony was beautiful 
3 Restaurants below this hotel are some of the best in the city 3 Would recommend to others looking for a romantic weekend getaway

3 We found this hotel' rooms very nice, well decorated with lot of space and nice furniture Hotel location and set up are very impressive and give a strong feeling of exception and novelty, we really liked being both in the City and on the Sea. 
Staff is also very nice and friendly
3 We found this hotel' rooms very nice, well decorated with lot of space and nice furniture 
3 Hotel location and set up are very impressive and give a strong feeling of exception and novelty,
3  we really liked being both in the City and on the Sea 
3 Staff is also very nice and friendly

1 The hotel is located at Wooloomoolloo Bay on Cowper Wharf Road in walking distance to the Royal Botanical Garden The location itself is a bit remote with no nearby public transport such subway etc You can take walk through the garden to the Opera house which is very nice (beware the closing times of the park in the evening) 
2 The hotel is located at Wooloomoolloo Bay on Cowper Wharf Road in walking distance to the Royal Botanical Garden
1 The location itself is a bit remote with no nearby public transport such subway etc 
3 You can take walk through the garden to the Opera house which is very nice (beware the closing times of the park in the evening) 

The building is a remodeled wharf with an industrial design Its combination of hotel and private apartments The idea of wharf as hotel is splendid and lobby is nicely designed 

The breakfast room (breakfast is good) is on the ground floor of the wharf Openly designed and very nice However, when the outside temperature is low, the wharf inside cools down too So it can be pretty cool during breakfast (in winter) However, the rooms and its furniture are old and run down and not worth a 4-5 star hotel at all (and we have been to many) We've complained about it and received an upgrade However, that didn't make it nicer 

The interior design is just not up-to-date The comment from management (very friendly) was, that they will remodel the place in September This didn't help either - a discount to match value for money would have been nicer

 We have tried to rent their bikes, which they offer for free The bikes were not up to the safety standards ( breaks did not work) and not in good shape For this we received free breakfast Overall, as most hotels in Sydney (even Australia) you do not get value for money 

Unless, it receives a major upgrade I would not spend that much money for room anymoreWe decided to treat ourselves with a night in this hotel 

The loft room is great, clean and with all the comforts The heater downstairs wasn't working properly, the temperature difference between the two levels was a bit uncomfortable The pool is heated and the jacuzzi very relaxing Staff is friendly One only negative thing: for that price we were expecting free wifi and breakfast included - nope

I was looking for somewhere to stay in Sydney before leaving for an overseas holiday I decided on the Blue Hotel From the time that I made the booking until my departure 10 days later I had made the right choice The staff were polite - always smiling and most obliging with any request The most perfect location to the best restaurant in Sydney Opera House - Conservatorium - Art Gallery plus the most amazing harbour walk and beautiful gardens I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for the Perfect Hotel to stay at in Sydney  Apparently the hotel will have a new name shortly OVERTOThank you everyone at BLUE

3 I've stayed at the Blue a number of times and love it Right on the water and a very quick taxi ride to downtown There's a "meat pie" truck parked just down the street which has the best meat and pea pie (you have to try it ) ever King's Cross is just a stone's throw away if you're up for a night out and the Botanical Garden is walking distance with all manner of flower and critter There are also a number of awesome restaurants connected to the property so finding a place to eat or drink should not be a problem It's my go-to hotel whenever I'm in Sydney
3 I've stayed at the Blue a number of times and love it 
3 Right on the water and a very quick taxi ride to downtown
3  There's a "meat pie" truck parked just down the street which has the best meat and pea pie (you have to try it ) ever 
3 King's Cross is just a stone's throw away if you're up for a night out and the Botanical Garden is walking distance with all manner of flower and critter 
3 There are also a number of awesome restaurants connected to the property so finding a place to eat or drink should not be a problem 
3 It's my go-to hotel whenever I'm in Sydney

3 My wife and I had the great pleasure of staying at the Blue Sydney twice during our trip to Australia We started and ended our great Oz adventure at the Blue Sydney As most have stated the hotel is located in a retrofitted wharf in Woolloomooloo Both our rooms were wonderful and unique Spacious and well appointed, with all the amenities Good showers with nice water pressure, something that I really enjoy
3 My wife and I had the great pleasure of staying at the Blue Sydney twice during our trip to Australia
3 We started and ended our great Oz adventure at the Blue Sydney
3 As most have stated the hotel is located in a retrofitted wharf in Woolloomooloo 
3 Both our rooms were wonderful and unique Spacious and well appointed, with all the amenities 
3 Good showers with nice water pressure, something that I really enjoy

3 The hotel has a beautiful lobby which has a welcoming feeling The service was top-notch, upon our arrival we were met and luggage ushered upstairs, check-in was smooth and seamless A nice touch was throwing in free Wi-Fi 
3 The hotel has a beautiful lobby which has a welcoming feeling 
3 The service was top-notch, upon our arrival we were met and luggage ushered upstairs, check-in was smooth and seamless
3 A nice touch was throwing in free Wi-Fi 

3 I believe the hotel is undergoing a renovation and in fact was already underway on our return visit but the work is limited to 11-4pm The key to this hotel is its location
3 I believe the hotel is undergoing a renovation and in fact was already underway on our return visit but the work is limited to 11-4pm
3 The key to this hotel is its location

3 Attached are several outstanding restaurants that are frequented by the locals in the area We dined at China Doll - great Asian food, Otto a delectable Italian feast and Manta wonderful seafood
3 Attached are several outstanding restaurants that are frequented by the locals in the area
3  We dined at China Doll - great Asian food, Otto a delectable Italian feast and Manta wonderful seafood

3 What we particularly enjoyed is the location of the hotel A short beautiful walk through the Botanical Gardens and you are at the heart of everything 
3 What we particularly enjoyed is the location of the hotel 
3 A short beautiful walk through the Botanical Gardens and you are at the heart of everything 

3 My wife and I particularly enjoy hotels that are just outside the tourist areas but are short walks to the beat of the city The Blue Sydney fits that bill
2 My wife and I particularly enjoy hotels that are just outside the tourist areas but are short walks to the beat of the city 
3 The Blue Sydney fits that bill

2 Little travel tipif you are heading to Bondi beach and doing the Coastal walkstart at the Bondi side and end in Bronterestaurants are way better on Bronte BeachAlso grab an OPAL card if you are using public transiteasy and you can load it up depending on how often you ride the busalso it can be used on all transit optionincluding the ferries
2 Little travel tipif you are heading to Bondi beach and doing the Coastal walkstart at the Bondi side and end in Bronte
2 restaurants are way better on Bronte Beach
2 Also grab an OPAL card if you are using public transiteasy and you can load it up depending on how often you ride the bus
2 also it can be used on all transit optionincluding the ferries

3 I have been staying at the Blue for many since the days it was the W Sydney, often for periods of several months While the hotel is going through a transitional phase of renovations, I did have a wonderful visit and look forward to returning The staff is absolutely delightful and helpful in all ways; they go out of ther way to make it a very personal stay 
2 I have been staying at the Blue for many since the days it was the W Sydney, often for periods of several months 
3 While the hotel is going through a transitional phase of renovations, I did have a wonderful visit and look forward to returning
3  The staff is absolutely delightful and helpful in all ways; they go out of ther way to make it a very personal stay 

3 The location has always been fantastic for me, only minutes away from downtown Sydney without the cold feeling of being in a city Potts Point and its many delicious restaurants are just a few minutes away 
3 The location has always been fantastic for me, only minutes away from downtown Sydney without the cold feeling of being in a city 
3 Potts Point and its many delicious restaurants are just a few minutes away 

3 The wharf does have a fun and exciting feel to it You are accessible to everything And what views
3 The wharf does have a fun and exciting feel to it
3 You are accessible to everything And what views

3 The building does have a great deal of charm and warmth, matching the staffI look forward to returning later this year and seeing all the exciting changes that are 
3 The building does have a great deal of charm and warmth, matching the staff
3 I look forward to returning later this year and seeing all the exciting changes that are 

2 Disclaimer: I am a regular Sydney business traveller looking for single person accommodation, preferring king size beds and lots of amenities

3 Overall the Blue is a unique hotel with a lot of charm in an interesting area Unfortunately they're under renovation right now (until end of September), and that negatively affected the experience I didnt hear noise while sleeping, but did find it annoying while leaving the hotel both days The "noise survival kit" was cute, but not replenished like they said it would be
3 Overall the Blue is a unique hotel with a lot of charm in an interesting area 
1 Unfortunately they're under renovation right now (until end of September), 
1 and that negatively affected the experience
3  I didnt hear noise while sleeping,
1  but did find it annoying while leaving the hotel both days 
3 The "noise survival kit" was cute,
1 but not replenished like they said it would be 

3 The bellhops were very attentive, but perhaps because they were starved for guests 

1 Location: Wooloomooloo Interesting area, but a bit out of the way from the Sydney CBD

3 Size: Nice sized room with a lounge chair, desk, many windows looking on to the street (unfortunately not the harbour), and a large bathroom

3 Cleanliness: Very clean No marks on the walls Slight dent on one of the bathroom doors

3 Bed: King, with a soft, comfortable mattress Nice pillowsElectrical 

3 Sockets: Tons 6 on one side of the bed, 2 on the other 

I charged everything each nightTV: 1 TV, didn't use it

3 Minibar: Chocolate, small selection of alcohol- liquor and beer The liquor was $19/bottle for those tiny bottles The highest I've seen

1 Coffee: Coffee Bags- tea bag style, which I hate, and little milk cups They had a plunger and grounds but it cost $6

3 Desk: Ethernet cables, good size

3 Bathroom: Large tub, nice shower with top down and side shower heads Good temperature control that was consistent

1 Toiletry options: Decent size, but I had a really bad hair day the first day that I blame on the shampoo and conditioner Also, a couple of them were already open when I checked them And, the vanity kit was an empty box

3 Closet: Two closets, lots of room

3 Clock Radio: iPhone5 jack, didn't try it

3 View: Nice, but faced the wrong way

3 Thermostat: 28 <--> 16 Best I've seen, nice airflow

2 Gym: N/A They have the fitness center available Didn't see it

2 Pool: ditto

3 Restaurants and/or Bars: Lots of adjacent restaurants with bars Decent crowds, but didn't try any of them

2 Special Features: They're under construction starting 7th July, ending in September They gave me a "noise survival kit" that included a fancy face mask, ear plugs, tea, and a shot of jack daniels 

1 They told me at reception they would refill anything I used the next day Unfortunately they did not Perhaps I just had a bad housekeeper
1 They told me at reception they would refill anything I used the next day
1 Unfortunately they did not 
1 Perhaps I just had a bad housekeeper

2 Room Service: They have it but I didn't get a chance to try it 

3 We are Sydneysiders and the joy of staying at Blue never wears off Over the years my husband and I have celebrated our anniversary here and although hard to imagine possible each time gets better, At the moment the hotel is undergoing renovations in the bar areas however this didn't impact us at all 
3 We are Sydneysiders and the joy of staying at Blue never wears off 
3 Over the years my husband and I have celebrated our anniversary here 
3 and although hard to imagine possible each time gets better
3 At the moment the hotel is undergoing renovations in the bar areas however this didn't impact us at all 

3 The friendly and efficient staff welcomed us and went out of their way to make sure we settled in quickly with everything we needed including making a dinner reservation on the wharf at China Doll and organizing a surprise dessert treat 
3 The friendly and efficient staff welcomed us and went out of their way to make sure we settled in quickly with everything we needed
3  including making a dinner reservation on the wharf at China Doll and organizing a surprise dessert treat 

3 From the moment we arrived to when we left we felt totally spoiled We enjoyed a spacious a king room overlooking the wharf and city The room fittings are beautiful and unique maintaining its rich history including timber beams and iron features It was warm and beautiful overlooking the city skyline on a winter's evening at sunset
3 From the moment we arrived to when we left we felt totally spoiled 
3 We enjoyed a spacious a king room overlooking the wharf and city
3 The room fittings are beautiful and unique maintaining its rich history including timber beams and iron features
3 It was warm and beautiful overlooking the city skyline on a winter's evening at sunset

3 The hotel also overlooks the harbour walk around Mrs Macquarie's Chair and nearby Botanic gardens - a great way to enjoy nature without leaving Sydney The enormous Moreton Bay Fig trees and sandstone harbour foreshore are spectacular with a great running track 
3 The hotel also overlooks the harbour walk around Mrs Macquarie's Chair and nearby Botanic gardens - a great way to enjoy nature without leaving Sydney The enormous Moreton Bay Fig trees and sandstone harbour foreshore are spectacular with a great running track 

3 We had a perfect coffee and tea just a few minutes away at Toby Estate cafe in Woolloomooloo

3 We liked best the location of Blue, the excellent service, staff, the room and that our favourite restaurant in Sydney is on the same wharf It was winter so we weren't tempted by the indoor pool this time and it is a bit of a chilly walk at the moment to the pool through the area being renovated
3 We liked best the location of Blue, the excellent service, staff, the room and that our favourite restaurant in Sydney is on the same wharf 
2 It was winter so we weren't tempted by the indoor pool this time and it is a bit of a chilly walk at the moment to the pool through the area being renovated

3 This is a fabulous hotel but it can be very noisy on weekends from the wine bar area The music is extremely loud so try to get a room as far away as you can I'm surprised the hotel focusses so much on this clientele rather than the paying guests
3 This is a fabulous hotel 
1 but it can be very noisy on weekends from the wine bar area
1 The music is extremely loud so try to get a room as far away as you can 
1 I'm surprised the hotel focusses so much on this clientele rather than the paying guests


3 This hotel has a great location for seeing attractions, shopping and restaurants Located on The Wharf it is metres away from some fantastic restaurants (including China Doll and Crinitis both which I'd highly recommend) It is a short walk away from the main shopping district and other major attractions
3 This hotel has a great location for seeing attractions, shopping and restaurants
3  Located on The Wharf it is metres away from some fantastic restaurants (including China Doll and Crinitis both which I'd highly recommend)
3 It is a short walk away from the main shopping district and other major attractions

3 I was fortunate enough to stay at the Blue Sydney on business trips and thoroughly enjoyed it, so much so that when my family decided to go to Sydney for my sons 18th birthday I recommended the Blue Sydney
3 I was fortunate enough to stay at the Blue Sydney on business trips and thoroughly enjoyed it, 
3 so much so that when my family decided to go to Sydney for my sons 18th birthday 
3 I recommended the Blue Sydney

3 The staff at the Blue Sydney are always friendly and helpful The hotel is very clean and situated in a very nice locationThe heart of the city is a 12 minute walk through park and the restaurants next to the hotel, actually they are part of the hotel, are top classMy boys enjoyed the gym and pool and the rooms are in excellent conditionThe family and I stayed three nights and cannot wait to go back EnjoyCheersChris
3 The staff at the Blue Sydney are always friendly and helpful 
3 The hotel is very clean and situated in a very nice location
3 The heart of the city is a 12 minute walk through park
3  and the restaurants next to the hotel, actually they are part of the hotel, are top class
3 My boys enjoyed the gym and pool and 
3 the rooms are in excellent condition
3 The family and I stayed three nights and cannot wait to go back EnjoyCheersChris

3 Good location, right next to a bunch of fancy restaurants Two locals advised us to steer clear of a street just up the road at night (apparently a little dodgey) - not a problem though, we just took an uber after dark
3 Good location, right next to a bunch of fancy restaurants 
2 Two locals advised us to steer clear of a street just up the road at night (apparently a little dodgey) - not a problem though, we just took an uber after dark

3 We got a 'Superior raft room'Really spacious, clean comfortable, but no view, only skylights Didn't worry us though, we were out all day, only back there at night Super quiet, slept really well
3 We got a 'Superior raft room'Really spacious, clean comfortable,
1 but no view, only skylights 
3 Didn't worry us though, we were out all day, only back there at night 3 Super quiet, slept really well

3 If we wanted to wi-fi for our phones we would've had to pay a daily charge, BUT hotel supplies an iPad in-room (which doesn't charge for data), so we just used that insteadWill definitely stay again
1 If we wanted to wi-fi for our phones we would've had to pay a daily charge,
3  BUT hotel supplies an iPad in-room (which doesn't charge for data), so we just used that instead
3 Will definitely stay again

3 Recently stayed here with my husband Beautifully designed hotel from a former working wharf that juts out into Sydney Harbour Finger Wharf sits between the Navy ship yards (Garden Island ) and a beautiful walkway that takes you all the way around to the Opera House, Circular Quay and The Rocks It's a very historic walk as well as unbelievable scenery 
3 Recently stayed here with my husband Beautifully designed hotel from a former working wharf that juts out into Sydney Harbour Finger
3  Wharf sits between the Navy ship yards (Garden Island ) and a beautiful walkway that takes you all the way around to the Opera House, Circular Quay and The Rocks
3  It's a very historic walk as well as unbelievable scenery 

3 Our room was a loft suite with city views A nice room overlooking water and looking up to the city It was quite spacious downstairs and upstairs was just a bed area and a small bathroom It's quite small upstairs with nowhere to put your suitcase You have to unpack and put it elsewhere 
2 Our room was a loft suite with city views 
3 A nice room overlooking water and looking up to the city 
3 It was quite spacious downstairs and upstairs was just a bed area and a small bathroom 
1 It's quite small upstairs with nowhere to put your suitcase
1  You have to unpack and put it elsewhere 

3 Staff were very friendly and helpful with information on public transport if you need it 

3 There's the famous Harry's Cafe de Wheels right outside your door and if you love walking take the Mcelhone steps (if you're game The gym junkies love these) up to Potts Point for great cafes and markets 

2 Be aware that they are about to start renovating which is needed The rooms are a little tired but are going to great pains to be as unobtrusive as possible ( with jackhammers) 
2 Be aware that they are about to start renovating which is needed 
1 The rooms are a little tired 
3 but are going to great pains to be as unobtrusive as possible ( with jackhammers)

3 If you love to build a run or walk into your down time then this place is perfectly positioned for mind distracting scenery to run off Harry's pies Enjoy

3 I stayed here for my 40th birthday, in a loft suite The room was beautiful, warm, cosy The service was absolutely amazing From check-in to check-out everything was perfect, including the lovely touch of sending champagne to the room as a birthday gift We did not want to leave
2 I stayed here for my 40th birthday, in a loft suite 
3 The room was beautiful, warm, cosy 
4 The service was absolutely amazing 
4 From check-in to check-out everything was perfect,
3 including the lovely touch of sending champagne to the room as a birthday gift 
3 We did not want to leave

3 It's a perfect location, historic building and quiet rooms The staff are clearly proud of their work as it's reflected in their attitudes I would recommend this hotel to anyone and can't wait to returnmy partner has his 41st in a few weeks, so maybe then
3 It's a perfect location, 
3 historic building and quiet rooms \
3 The staff are clearly proud of their work as it's reflected in their attitudes 
3 I would recommend this hotel to anyone and can't wait to returnmy partner has his 41st in a few weeks, so maybe then


4 Excellent hotel, staff are very helpful and friendly Our room had a lovely view of Sydney CDB Room is very spacious and the bed is very comfortable Cool architecture There are lots of restaurants/cafes near the hotel, so plenty of choices for food
4 Excellent hotel,
3  staff are very helpful and friendly 
3 Our room had a lovely view of Sydney CDB 
3 Room is very spacious and the bed is very comfortable 
3 Cool architecture 
3 There are lots of restaurants/cafes near the hotel, so plenty of choices for food

3 Fantastic stay at BLUE hotel Perfect location -- a short walk/cab to the city and downstairs in the finger wharf there are some great restaurants Stuart from reception was very friendly and efficient Check-in and check-out were very smooth and he also gave us great recommendations for where to go on Saturday night Will be back
4 Fantastic stay at BLUE hotel Perfect location -- 
3 a short walk/cab to the city and downstairs in the finger wharf
3  there are some great restaurants 
3 Stuart from reception was very friendly and efficient 
3 Check-in and check-out were very smooth and he also gave us great recommendations for where to go on Saturday night
3  Will be back

3 We recently visited Blue Sydney Our room was lovely with a gorgeous view of the city It was mid-winter and while the foyer was freezing due to the nature of the reclaimed wharf architecture, there were large heaters in the lounge and bar areas and, more importantly, our room was warm and cosy The hotel is in a fantastic position - very close to lots of galleries, cafs, restaurants, the botanical gardens and the opera house
3 We recently visited Blue Sydney
3 Our room was lovely with a gorgeous view of the city 
3 It was mid-winter and while the foyer was freezing due to the nature of the reclaimed wharf architecture, there were large heaters in the lounge and bar areas and, 
3 more importantly, our room was warm and cosy 
3 The hotel is in a fantastic position - very close to lots of galleries, cafs, restaurants, the botanical gardens and the opera house

3 The staff were helpful, friendly and really accommodating While we only stayed one night we were so impressed that we can't wait to return for a longer stay
3 The staff were helpful, friendly and really accommodating
3  While we only stayed one night we were so impressed that we can't wait to return for a longer stay

3 Well, what can I say - this is simply the place to stay if you are visiting Sydney The Blue Hotel is a luxurious  ,Caliente,Sexy And perfectly situated near popular sightseeing destinations, but still nestled away from the noise and clutter of the big shopping areas, in an elegant part of town
3 Well, what can I say - this is simply the place to stay if you are visiting Sydney 
4 The Blue Hotel is a luxurious  ,Caliente,Sexy
3  And perfectly situated near popular sightseeing destinations,
3  but still nestled away from the noise and clutter of the big shopping areas,
3 in an elegant part of town

3They provide all the amenities of a large hotel, but in a smaller setting, with an intimate bar/lounge area that serves a wonderful afternoon cocktailsWhether you are an anglophile or not, you will probably appreciate some of the attention to details of the period decor which is tastefully doneAdditionally, the room has some features which were thoughtful and The suite was fabulously clean and the furniture well maintained
3They provide all the amenities of a large hotel, but in a smaller setting, 
3 with an intimate bar/lounge area that serves a wonderful afternoon cocktails
3 Whether you are an anglophile or not, you will probably appreciate some of the attention to details of the period decor which is tastefully done
3Additionally, the room has some features which were thoughtful and 
4 The suite was fabulously clean and the furniture well maintained

3 Bathroom tho quiet old loses its grouting that I thought it was mouldI feel uncomfortable at first but when I look closer and touches it with my fingertips just to make sure, I'm 100% positive that was not mould at all
1 Bathroom tho quiet old loses its grouting that I thought it was mould
1I feel uncomfortable at first
3  but when I look closer and touches it with my fingertips just to make sure, I'm 100% positive that was not mould at all

3 Really need URGENT attention to thatIpad, Minibar, Bathrobe and slipper provided, high quality of amenities Peter Moressey product in 30grams bottle its indulgence
3 Really need URGENT attention to thatIpad, Minibar, Bathrobe and slipper provided,
3 high quality of amenities Peter Moressey product in 30grams bottle its indulgence

2 Says it the building might be an old chook but the taste of young hipster Something I only recommend for those with strong nerves
2 Says it the building might be an old chook but the taste of young hipster 
1 Something I only recommend for those with strong nerves

3 The staff was kind helpful, GOOD LOOKING people and very accommodating of all related needsEspecially housekeeping, I was short of coffee mugs and instant coffee,She over me to wash my mug and handed me handful of sugar coffee tea and milk Most of all the smiles and humbleness of her are showing how care she is about her guests Not long after she clean my room I don't see this with one person but almost all staff I met along at the corridors or front desk
3 The staff was kind helpful, 
3 GOOD LOOKING people and very accommodating of all related needs
3 Especially housekeeping, I was short of coffee mugs and instant coffee,She over me to wash my mug and handed me handful of sugar coffee tea and milk 
3 Most of all the smiles and humbleness of her are showing how care she is about her guests 
3 Not long after she clean my room 
3 I don't see this with one person but almost all staff I met along at the corridors or front desk

3 The history, the pleasant experience and service is a privilege to experienceAnd it is deserve the rave and I will feel damn guilty after being member of 3 years on trip advisor and I don't even contribute anything So yes I will feel guilty if I do not drops a line or two on trip advisor especially when I have THE GREAT and amazing experience during my stay at The Bluehotel
3 The history, the pleasant experience and service is a privilege to experience
3 And it is deserve the rave and 
4 I will feel damn guilty after being member of 3 years on trip advisor and I don't even contribute anything So yes I will feel guilty if I do not drops a line or two on trip advisor especially when I have THE GREAT and amazing experience during my stay at The Bluehotel

3 I cannot wait to enjoy another stay at the Bluehotel I already miss the afternoon cocktails,Sydney seems particularly welcoming if I know I will be staying at The BlueThank you so much for having us
3 I cannot wait to enjoy another stay at the Bluehotel 
3 I already miss the afternoon cocktails,
3 Sydney seems particularly welcoming if I know I will be staying at The Blue
3 Thank you so much for having us

3 I booked through Trivago, had not discovered Wolloomoolloo as yet The Hotel Blue looked nice from the pictures on the website, that was an understatement It was very easy to locate and the staff were professional and warming from Start to Finish 
3 I booked through Trivago, had not discovered Wolloomoolloo as yet The Hotel Blue looked nice from the pictures on the website, 
4 that was an understatement
3  It was very easy to locate 
3 and the staff were professional and warming from Start to Finish 

3 From the moment I entered the foyer the hotel came to life with its fromer workings of a early settlers sheep sheering to a fish mongers market on display The room was spacious and the bed big and cosy and warm We both enjoyed the big shower and the bath was luxe
3 From the moment I entered the foyer the hotel came to life with its fromer workings of a early settlers sheep sheering to a fish mongers market on display 
3 The room was spacious and 
3 the bed big and cosy and warm 
3 We both enjoyed the big shower and the bath was luxe

3 Room service was prompt, hot and very tasty to eat The location was easily accessible to the city and Harry Cafe De Wheels was fun to eat at 200am just because we could Thankyou and Well Done Blue-Sydney we will be returning very soonxxx  
3 Room service was prompt, hot and very tasty to eat 
3 The location was easily accessible to the city and Harry Cafe De Wheels was fun to eat at 200am just because we could 
3 Thankyou and Well Done Blue-Sydney 

3 Blue Sydney could not be faulted A great stay with very friendly staff, highly recommended 
3 Blue Sydney could not be faulted 
3 A great stay with very friendly staff,
3 highly recommended 

3 We stayed at several Sydney luxury hotels during this visit, however, Blue Sydney is a stand-out for customer service 
2 We stayed at several Sydney luxury hotels during this visit,
3 however, Blue Sydney is a stand-out for customer service 

3 We stayed at Blue Sydney on the very last leg of our Australian adventure The hotel is swanky and it is clear the developers put a lot of effort into making it hip, urbane, and cool Housed in an old wharf building, it features a pretty impressive entry decorated in sleek metal and sculptural lighting 
2 We stayed at Blue Sydney on the very last leg of our Australian adventure 
3 The hotel is swanky and 
3 it is clear the developers put a lot of effort into making it hip, urbane, and cool 
3 Housed in an old wharf building, it features a pretty impressive entry decorated in sleek metal and sculptural lighting 

3 The staff is pleasant, the location is good, and the rooms are huge
3 The staff is pleasant,
3 the location is good, 
3 and the rooms are huge

1 Where it falls short is the cleanliness of the room It wasn't disgusting but there were obvious misses, such as the bathroom floor and dead bug smudges on the ceiling It is worth mentioning these because when a hotel is obviously upmarket, these things are very noticeable Would I Stay Here Again Yes, but would call out little inconsistencies in cleanliness to the staff
1 Where it falls short is the cleanliness of the room
1 It wasn't disgusting but there were obvious misses, 
1 such as the bathroom floor and dead bug smudges on the ceiling
1 It is worth mentioning these because when a hotel is obviously upmarket, these things are very noticeable
3 Would I Stay Here Again Yes, 
1 but would call out little inconsistencies in cleanliness to the staff

3 High Points: The location is a vigorous walk from the Opera House and very scenic Harry's Cafe de Whhels is RIGHT OUTSIDE so if you are 'jonesing' for a tiger pie, bounce downstairs, turn left and there you are
3 High Points: The location is a vigorous walk from the Opera House and very scenic
2  Harry's Cafe de Whhels is RIGHT OUTSIDE so if you are 'jonesing' for a tiger pie, bounce downstairs, turn left and there you are

1 Low Point: WiFi rates and cleanliness

3 Staff were very pleasant, very helpful We booked a superior rafter room for the separate tub And how worth it out was Upon arrival, they gave us a different room While it had a window, we were one the far end of the hotel and the view of the street and that was not what we wanted, plus it had no tub They changed our room back to the original, no fuss though this took a while Our room was sufficiently large enough King size bed Beds were a bit too soft for my liking, and pillows well too flat as well 
3 Staff were very pleasant, very helpful
3 We booked a superior rafter room for the separate tub And how worth it out was
2 Upon arrival, they gave us a different room While it had a window, we were one the far end of the hotel and the view of the street and that was not what we wanted, plus it had no tub 
3 They changed our room back to the original, no fuss though this took a while 
3 Our room was sufficiently large enough 
3 King size bed Beds were a bit too soft for my liking, and pillows well too flat as well 

3 Room was on the top floor, and the disadvantage was that there were no harbour facing windows We could live without a view though Full toiletries provided though if you were the kind to need cotton pads and buds I'll suggest you bring your own And the tub Huge enough to fit two in at the same time The tap is in the centre so both of you can enjoy leaning back and relaxing
1 Room was on the top floor, and the disadvantage was that there were no harbour facing windows
3 We could live without a view though
3 Full toiletries provided though
1 if you were the kind to need cotton pads and buds I'll suggest you bring your own 
3 And the tub Huge enough to fit two in at the same time
3 The tap is in the centre so both of you can enjoy leaning back and relaxing
2 Location wise It is across the botanical gardens, but at least it's quiet Near enough to hippy spot potts point for good coffee and breakfast Didn't have the hotel breakfast so can't comment on that
2 Location wise It is across the botanical gardens, 
3 but at least it's quiet Near enough to hippy spot potts point for good coffee and breakfast
2 Didn't have the hotel breakfast so can't comment on that
3 What a hotel and amazing view Beautiful city skyline view at night and sun drenched through the day Got tempted to just sit next to the window and soak the sunRoom was really large and clean Cynthia the housekeeper did a fantastic job Had yummy breakfast and Krishna made delicious coffee and looked after us well Will definitely return after renovation
3 What a hotel and amazing view 
3 Beautiful city skyline view at night and sun drenched through the day 
3 Got tempted to just sit next to the window and soak the sun
3 Room was really large and clean
3 Cynthia the housekeeper did a fantastic job
3 Had yummy breakfast and Krishna made delicious coffee and looked after us well 
3 Will definitely return after renovation
3 My first visit to Blue was one to rememberThe staff were friendly and welcoming, as soon as my wife and I arrived, I knew we were going to enjoy our stayWe loved the mix of luxury and historical structures That and being right on the waterfront with views of the city, beautiful yachts and huge navy ships We stayed in 512, which is a loft room Loved having the extra space to lounge Plenty of space to invite a few friends in to relax and check out the views
3 My first visit to Blue was one to remember
3 The staff were friendly and welcoming,
3 as soon as my wife and I arrived, I knew we were going to enjoy our stay
3 We loved the mix of luxury and historical structures 
3 That and being right on the waterfront with views of the city, beautiful yachts and huge navy ships
3 We stayed in 512, which is a loft room 
3 Loved having the extra space to lounge
3 Plenty of space to invite a few friends in to relax and check out the views

3 The bar and restaurant was pretty cool as well, lots of space, and lounge seats to relax in I hear Blue will be refurbishing soon We can't wait to come back to this fantastic property
3 The bar and restaurant was pretty cool as well, 
3 lots of space, and lounge seats to relax in
2 I hear Blue will be refurbishing soon 
3 We can't wait to come back to this fantastic property

3 After a long lunch decided to stay had 2 room types one a double marina and the other king marina loft loved the outlook and space Great bar bites and beautiful in room breakfast Will defiantly be returning for a few nightsWow Factor deserve 5 indeed Big room squekie cleanRockin Staff 
2 After a long lunch decided to stay had 2 room types one a double marina and the other king marina loft 
3 loved the outlook and space
3 Great bar bites and beautiful in room breakfast 
3 Will defiantly be returning for a few nights
3 Wow Factor deserve 5 
3 indeed Big room squekie clean
3 Rockin Staff 
3 Arrived at the front door greeted by happy smiley warmth vallet Kevin Check in greeted by big smiley face at the front desk Rude of me for forgotten her name Went up to my room,Kevin help me with my bags3 Arrived at the front door greeted by happy smiley warmth vallet Kevin 
3 Check in greeted by big smiley face at the front desk
2 Rude of me for forgotten her name 
3 Went up to my room,Kevin help me with my bags

4 Brilliant hotel remind me of Bryant park in New York Meet housekeeper at the corridor Great smiles I said right back at you miss Room : soon as I open the door "BAZINGA"  View of the park, the boat and the water Luxurious massive spaceMan I wish I could live here forever
4 Brilliant hotel remind me of Bryant park in New York 
3 Meet housekeeper at the corridor Great smiles I said right back at you miss 
3 Room : soon as I open the door "BAZINGA"  View of the park, the boat and the water
4 Luxurious massive space
4 Man I wish I could live here forever

3 Bathrobes,iPad,minibar Old touch -phone by the toilet remind me of the Olden days 

3 The architecture it's self speak louder for appreciations Sadly I'm leaving the next day Was just staying for a night head to Melborne the next day But I'll be back
3 The architecture it's self speak louder for appreciations 
3 Sadly I'm leaving the next day 
2 Was just staying for a night head to Melborne the next day 
3 But I'll be back

3 Location: Strolls to CBD, 5 minutes walk to the park,aproximately 10 minutes walking to the Rocks,CQ and Opera house,love the little Harry's cafe d wheel on the left hand side of the hotel Again remind me of New York The staff were brilliant
3 Location: Strolls to CBD, 5 minutes walk to the park,aproximately 10 minutes walking to the Rocks,CQ and Opera house
3 love the little Harry's cafe d wheel on the left hand side of the hotel 
3 Again remind me of New York
3  The staff were brilliant

3 The hotel in great location off the city edge but closer than you realiseThe down side was the bar was closed But then I wouldn't find out about all of these experienceThank you for having me,I appreciate every moment during my stay It is obvious that the staff have been well thought I definitely recommend everyone to check this property out Stay classy ya'll
3 The hotel in great location off the city edge but closer than you realise
1 The down side was the bar was closed But then I wouldn't find out about all of these experience
3 Thank you for having me,
3 I appreciate every moment during my stay 
3 It is obvious that the staff have been well thought 
3 I definitely recommend everyone to check this property out 
3 Stay classy ya'll

3 We stayed here for one night The room was spacious and had a very comfortable bed for a good nights sleep The bathroom was also to a high standard The staff were very helpful and friendly The hotel is positioned in a great location to explore Sydney
2 We stayed here for one night 
3 The room was spacious and had a very comfortable bed for a good nights sleep
3 The bathroom was also to a high standard
3 The staff were very helpful and friendly 
3 The hotel is positioned in a great location to explore Sydney

3 This hotel represents some great aspects of Sydney - it's history , the harbour and the lush gardens  It's a superb wharf renovation with fabulous rooms  We have been wanting to try it for ages  
3 This hotel represents some great aspects of Sydney - it's history , the harbour and the lush gardens  
3 It's a superb wharf renovation
3 with fabulous rooms 
3 We have been wanting to try it for ages  

1 It's difficult to access at a price point under 350 a night  We pay more for a water view , around 400 , and are disappointed to have a room very near the road that does get quite a lot of traffic noise  You can see the boats but it's more about the road 
1 It's difficult to access at a price point under 350 a night 
1 We pay more for a water view , around 400 , and are disappointed to have a room very near the road that does get quite a lot of traffic noise 
1 You can see the boats but it's more about the road 

3 We love the marina adjacent to the wharf and wanted to spy on it and the billion dollar boats you can dream about  I will be more specific in future 
3 We love the marina adjacent to the wharf and wanted to spy on it 
3 and the billion dollar boats you can dream about 
3 I will be more specific in future 

3 I enjoy the hotel and the raw architectural details exposed  Parts are truly spectacular  The small gym is well appointed  The pool is lovely  Bar and breakfast ( around 30 per head by memory ) are friendly and helpful  Our room is spacious 
3 I enjoy the hotel and the raw architectural details
4 exposed  Parts are truly spectacular
3  The small gym is well appointed 
3 The pool is lovely  
3 Bar and breakfast ( around 30 per head by memory ) are friendly and helpful  
3 Our room is spacious 

3 Walking the wharf is a must and all the fabulous adjoining restaurants make a great option for a longer visit  Note that none are open for breakfast on a weekday so you are more limited in options to the hotel 
3 Walking the wharf is a must and
3 all the fabulous adjoining restaurants make a great option for a longer visit
2  Note that none are open for breakfast on a weekday so you are more limited in options to the hotel 

3 Our Saturday night stay could not have been more perfect Greeted at the entrance by a friendly concierge, we effortlessly checked into our loft room with its great view As we arrived late, we ordered room service, which promptly arrived and was not only delicious but beautifully presented The apartment was spacious and spotless and an excellent quality of toiletries We also were leaving early but enjoyed a most scrumptious buffet breakfast Next time we will make sure that we arrive earlier and stay later so we can truly enjoy one of Sydney's finest hotels
3 Our Saturday night stay could not have been more perfect
3 Greeted at the entrance by a friendly concierge, 
3 we effortlessly checked into our loft room with its great view 
3 As we arrived late, we ordered room service, which promptly arrived 
3 and was not only delicious but beautifully presented 
3 The apartment was spacious and spotless 
3 and an excellent quality of toiletries 
2 We also were leaving early 
3 but enjoyed a most scrumptious buffet breakfast 
3 Next time we will make sure that we arrive earlier and stay later so we can truly enjoy one of Sydney's finest hotels

3 It is all about the location here Rooms are nicely appointed and a good size, but the bathroom was a little tired I understand the hotel is going to have a facelift this year Good location to waterfront restaurants The only other notable issue was the room service trays lined up in the corridor for hours We eventually had to say something and they were picked up
3 It is all about the location here
3 Rooms are nicely appointed and a good size,
1 but the bathroom was a little tired 
2 I understand the hotel is going to have a facelift this year
3 Good location to waterfront restaurants 
1 The only other notable issue was the room service trays lined up in the corridor for hours 
1 We eventually had to say something and they were picked up

3 This would now have to be my favourite Inner city hotel I booked through Wotif for a 'special' price and then contacted the hotel in regards to their parking facilities I spoke to Kioria in reception who was most helpful and an asset to their staff This was just the beginning of a memorable and wonderful stay We were upgraded on arrival to a beautiful spacious room with fantastic views of Fingal Bay and the Botanical Gardens The building has retained lots of the original architectural structures, which made it unique and interesting 
3 This would now have to be my favourite Inner city hotel
2 I booked through Wotif for a 'special' price and then contacted the hotel in regards to their parking facilities
3 I spoke to Kioria in reception who was most helpful and an asset to their staff
3 This was just the beginning of a memorable and wonderful stay 
3 We were upgraded on arrival to a beautiful spacious room with fantastic views of Fingal Bay and the Botanical Gardens 
3 The building has retained lots of the original architectural structures, which made it unique and interesting 

4 It is a five star experience, with excellent staff I will not only recommend it to friends, I will find myself definitely staying againGreat location, nice and quiet surrounds in a beautiful spotThe rooms are great its much quieter at night than most Sydney hotels You can have a morning walk in the botanic gardens
4 It is a five star experience,
4 with excellent staff 
4 I will not only recommend it to friends, I will find myself definitely staying again
4 Great location, nice and quiet surrounds in a beautiful spot
4 The rooms are great its much quieter at night than most Sydney hotels 
3 You can have a morning walk in the botanic gardens

3 The staff are fantastic They want you to enjoy your stay Nothing better than getting back at night and getting a beautiful smile to greet you from Sam and Kione at the front deskMy fianc and I had an enjoyable and relaxing stay at the hotel last weekend
4 The staff are fantastic 
3 They want you to enjoy your stay 
3 Nothing better than getting back at night and getting a beautiful smile to greet you from Sam and Kione at the front desk
3 My fianc and I had an enjoyable and relaxing stay at the hotel last weekend
