3 Very nice place.
3 nice place

3 few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .
2 few different place
3 romantic dinner
3 very nice on beach .

3 we in join stay in this hotel from day one.

2 Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .

4 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. 
2 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel
4 Was essentially thoroughly relaxing

4 The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! 

3 Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
4 Very friendly helpful
2 nothing was too much trouble

4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits.
4 Widdy made us feel very welcome
4 been professional & efficient
4 we will keep fond memories

1 The food was limited only when you ordered & towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior, the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book . 
1 The food was limited only when you ordered
0 towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior
1 the drinks were portrayed incorrectly
1 the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book

1 I inadvertently lost my book on the second last day & replacing was a huge issue as they couldn't work out what was left & told me all was basically utilised (which I knew was incorrect) however they were adamant.

2 I did however end up finding & I still had 5 lunches & 3 dinners left . 

0 There was no apology for the issues & upset our last day .
1 There was no apology for the issues
1 upset our last day

2 With that aside I would come back but in hindsight would keep a copy of my book each day as proof & get receipts for each transaction.

2 we also had someone inadvertently place purchases to our room but the boys at chess bar picked up, so u really need to check each day on your tab or pay as you go. 

2 Overall though we will likely go back wiser and look forward to another relaxing holiday

3 The service staff of the hotel was very friendly and went all out to help.
3 The service staff of the hotel was very friendly
3 went all out to help

2 My spa appointment was booked on the 1st day when I arrived.

2 However, there was some changes to the itinerary that I cant make it to the spa on the 3rd day. 

3 The helpdesk lady was very helpful. 

2 It was near to impossible to change as the 3rd day is a Saturday and the spa booking was full. 

4 However, the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via the helpdesk lady.
3 the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via

4 Kudos to them!

1 One point that the hotel can improve on is perhaps the breakfast menu.
 
1 For the 4 days we stayed, we had the nearly the same international breakfast spread everyday. 
 
1 It would be really fantastic if the menu is varied every other day. Thanks!

4 An absolutely fantastic hotel!!! From the staff to the resort and facilities!! I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
4 I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
4 I can not think of a thing to fault
4 will be back for sure.

4 This was our second stay and have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation. 
4 have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation
4 We can't wait to return :D

4 Wow if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further a different experience to Kuta resorts much quieter area in general but plenty for us to do kids love the kids club the traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless.
4 Wow
4 if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further
3 much quieter area in general
3 plenty for us to do
3 kids love the kids club
4 traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless

4 The restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely and a walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance.
4 restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely
4 sure to stir up some romance
4 walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance

3 Once again like all resorts in Bali I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view after all it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time.
1 it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time
3 I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view

3 A lovely hotel and our second visit.

4 The atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff are great. 
3 The atmosphere is very relaxing
3 staff are great.

3 It has everything that you need. 

3 This was our second time at the hotel and it did not disappoint.
2 This was our second time at the hotel
3 it did not disappoint
1 disappoint

4 Great to see the hotel's General Manager out and about, interacting with guests and making sure everything was up to scratch.
3 interacting with guests
4 making sure everything was up to scratch
 
3 This was our second trip to this hotel and the main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service.
2 This was our second trip to this hotel
3 main attraction was the staff
3 main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service

4 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds which are well laid out and relaxing
4 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds

3 The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture which is aesthetically pleasing. 
2 The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture

3 All services and food outlets are great with a wide choice. 
3 All services and food outlets are great

3 The hotel has a homely feel and the biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy. 
3 The hotel has a homely feel
3 biggest attraction is the private spa
3 biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families
3 biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy

3 Loved it and will be returning again. 

3 This is my second time staying, but I would recommend some music around The pool.
1 I would recommend some music around The pool

1 Also some more food attendees. 

1 Plus bathrooms need renovating so it doesn't get flooded all the time. 

3 All good otherwise

3 This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect, From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.
2 This was our 3rd trip to Bali
2 This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel
This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect
3 From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture
3 From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.

3 The staff were very friendly and helpful from the outset.
3 The staff were very friendly
3 helpful from the outset
 
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings but nonetheless the rooms are clean and functional with a good "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower. 
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places
1 in need of refurbishment
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment
1 The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings
3 rooms are clean and functional
1 "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower.

3 Despite the lush gardens and grassed areas this hotel seemed to have fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced so they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters!
3 lush gardens and grassed areas
3 fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced
3 they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters!

3 The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate and in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing but probably not enough for streaming videos etc. 
3 The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate
3 in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing
1 probably not enough for streaming videos etc. 

2 I believe in room wi-fi is chargeable but wasnt necessary for us. I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect so I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed and coming from the middle east with low speed internet I can only say we were pleasantly surprised.

2 I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect 
2 I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed
 
4 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach and were delighted with the food and service (the black sesame prawns are a must!) As we had learned from previous visits to Bali the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 
4 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach 
4 were delighted with the food and service 
4 (the black sesame prawns are a must!) 
3 the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 
2 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants in Nusa Dua and you will most likely be advised to take a taxi. 
2 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants
2 you will most likely be advised to take a taxi
 
2 You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so but the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room).
2 You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so
2 the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room).

1 We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw" but these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort. 
1 We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw"
1 these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort.
 
1 Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM although when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back although this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk.
3 Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM1
1 when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back 
2 this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk

3 Its family friendly although there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !
3 Its family friendly 
3 there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !

1 At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind" which looks like it should be open in August - the noise was a bit of a nuisance but we feel sure once this is complete the bar and beach area will be excellent.
1 At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind"
1 the noise was a bit of a nuisance

4 We would definitely return to this hotel again, it is so relaxing and the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.
4 We would definitely return to this hotel again
4  it is so relaxing and 
4 the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept
4 the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.

4 Our family had a great holiday in Bali.
4 great holiday in Bali

3 Nusa Dua Beach Resort had a competitive price.
3 a competitive price

3 Even though the hotel was kind of old, but was still well maintenance. 
1 the hotel was kind of old
3 still well maintenance
 
3 The rooms were clean, but not fancy.
3 rooms were clean
1 not fancy

3 The hotel was big and there were many activities going on everyday.
3 hotel was big
3 there were many activities going on everyday

3 We could stay in the hotel for the whole day and weren't bored at all. 
2 stay in the hotel for the whole day
3 weren't bored at all

3 The breakfast was included and had a lot of variety to choose from. 
3 breakfast was included
3 lot of variety to choose from

2 We asked an extra bed, and there was no extra charge for the bed, only US10 per day for extra breakfast. 
2 We asked an extra bed
3 there was no extra charge for the bed
2 US10 per day for extra breakfast

1 The restaurants for lunch and dinner, however, were kind of pricey.
2 restaurants for lunch and dinner
1 were kind of pricey

2 So we took the free shuttle bus to Bali Collection.
3 free shuttle bus

2 Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants, and it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel.
2 Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants
3 it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel

3 Overall, I would recommend this hotel.
 
3 We love this beach resort second year we have stayed there.
3 love this beach resort

2 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular about 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta. 
2 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular
2 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta

4 The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly, rooms lovely, grounds are stunning, beach front kept spotless and patrolled by security guards. 
4 The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly
3 helpful and friendly
3 rooms lovely
4 grounds are stunning
4 beach front kept spotless
3 patrolled by security guards

4 The breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for reception staff and concierge service faultless. 
4 breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for
4 reception staff and concierge service faultless

4 Beautiful reception area lobby bar and can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished. 
4 Beautiful reception area lobby bar
4 can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished

3 Two large pools one with a swim up to bar. 

3 Selection of on-site restaurants and Bali Collection with its bars restaurants and shops is a 5 min cab ride away. 

3 Love Bali love this resort hotel.

3 We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package, and had the palace club upgrade.
2 We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package
3 had the palace club upgrade

3 The resort exceeded our expectations. 

4 We will definitely come back, and have been recommending it to all our friends.
4 We will definitely come back
4 have been recommending it to all our friends

4 We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort they had everything we could need right there.
4 We had a wonderful holiday
4 We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort

4 Would highly recommend the service was great and everything is not new but very clean and neat.
4 Would highly recommend the service
4 Would highly recommend the service was great 
4 everything is not new but very clean and neat
 
4 Absolutely Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 
4 The spa was topnotch. 

4 The staff where so friendly and helpful. 
4 so friendly and helpful

4 Kids loved the pool and surrounds. 

4 The grounds are pretty and clean.
4 pretty and clean

4 Ease of access to our needs exceeded.

4 Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.

4 The grounds and hotel was very nice, beautifully laid out.
4 very nice
4 beautifully laid out
 
3 We had a standard room with an amazing view.
2 We had a standard room
3 an amazing view

1 There are a few restaurants here, but not much variety at the Chess restaurant next to the pool.
2 There are a few restaurants here
1 not much variety at the Chess restaurant

2 We preferred to go out for lunch or dinner in Nusa Dua. 

1 The breakfast was nice, but was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting. 
3 The breakfast was nice
1 was the same everyday so was very boring
1 was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting.
3 which was very interesting.

3 The staff were very friendly and always asked how you were.
3 The staff were very friendly
3 always asked how you were

1 The one thing we disliked was the tax and service charge to everything we ordered.
1 tax and service charge to everything we ordered

1 Absolutely ridiculous. 

1 Also having to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd.
1 to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd

1 Little things like this have put me off. 
1 put me off

1 Although a lovely hotel, will most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can.
3 a lovely hotel
1 most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can

2 I stay in this hotel with my wife and 8 and 4 year old boys .

3 I got a surprise because I ask regular airport transportation but the hotel sent me an Alphard to pick me ( normally family car like Innova ) and they upgrade my rooms too .
3 I got a surprise
3 upgrade my rooms

3 Thank you , I really appreciate that .
3 Thank you
3 I really appreciate that

1 Room , hotel facilities , breakfast and service is good but I hope more children activity can do here .
3 service is good
1 I hope more children activity can do here

2 The option now is in small kids club , pool and playing sand the beach .

1 I think its nice place but not really recommended if you bring 4 years old children .
3 its nice place
1 not really recommended

3 Definitely will come back to stay in this place.

4 .. Very good experience starting from check in until check out... 
3 Very good experience

4 Very nice staff upon arrival, check in... And very helpful staff while we staying there... Really appreciate it so much...
4 Very nice staff
4 very helpful staff
4 Really appreciate it so much

4 Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast so much to chose from.
4 Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast
4 so much to chose from
 
4 Excellent service from the staff.
4 Excellent service

4 Great walk all the way through past all the other places. 
4 Great walk all the way
4 Great walk

3 Looking forward to seeing the news restaurant open.
3 Looking forward

3 Overall the hotel and service was great.
3 was great

1 Pity that there were construction works by the pool which was noisy at times. 
1 Pity that there were construction works

3 But the beach facilities were great. 
3 Breakfast was lovely. 

3 The gym was also great
 
4 Everyone was very friendly and service was amazing.
4 Everyone was very friendly
4 service was amazing

3 The staff were always helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
3 The staff were always helpful
3 nothing was too much trouble

4 One of our friends was having his birthday and they organized a cake and champayne. 
2 One of our friends was having his birthday
4 they organized a cake and champayne

4 It was really nice.

4 Would definately recommend this resort .

3 We will be back and we will bring the family
 
4 Very nice place.

3 friendly service.

3 perfict position. 

3 few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .
3 few different place to eat
3 romantic dinner very nice on beach

3 we have very time.

2 we come with are 3 years old child.

3 we in join stay in this hotel from day one

2 Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .

3 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. 
2 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel
3 Was essentially thoroughly relaxing

3 The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! 

4 Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. 
4 Very friendly helpful
3 nothing was too much trouble

4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits .
3 Widdy made us feel very welcome
4 Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient
4 we will keep fond memories of our daily visits

1 Only problem we had was with the passport which contains your benefits.
1 Only problem we had was with the passport
 
2 We did something we have never done before and booked the same hotel for the second year.

3 So glad we did, it was everything we remembered and this time it was even better because we immediately knew where everything was. 

2 We paid the extra again and stayed at the palace club so the afternoon tea and cocktails was included.
1 We paid the extra again
2 stayed at the palace club
2 the afternoon tea and cocktails was included

3 The breakfasts are just amazing and along with the afternoon snacks and canapés mean that if you wanted you wouldn't have to buy other meals.
3 The breakfasts are just amazing
3 along with the afternoon snacks and canapés mean that if you wanted you wouldn't have to buy other meals

1 However other than breakfast the food is OK but not amazing but we did enjoy a couple of meals at the neighbouring hotels (The Melia do the most amazing Sunday brunch - unlimited food including lobster, steak, seafood, foie gras etc for 420,000 rupiah +tax). 
1 other than breakfast the food is OK
3 we did enjoy a couple of meals at the neighbouring hotels

3 Take the time to get to know the staff and say hello & thanks etc in their language - it's worth it for the smiles alone!
3 it's worth it for the smiles alone!

3 We had to stay an extra night due to Jetstar cancelling the flights due to volcanic ash - so tried another room which was just as great.
2 We had to stay an extra night due to Jetstar cancelling the flights
3 tried another room which was just as great

2 There is the usual saving of sun beds in the morning that is now prevalent , just go with the flow and go down and save yours when you wake up (or send an early riser). 

3 Aside from that just relax. 

3 It was nice to see the hotel spending some money on modernisation (new restaurant, the Tamarind, opening in July and improved poolside accommodation). 
3 It was nice to see the hotel spending some money on modernisation
3 new restaurant
3 improved poolside accommodation

4 We left deciding to return next year also - mainly due to how relaxed we feel when we leave - I have never slept so well anywhere else!!
4 deciding to return next year also
4 mainly due to how relaxed we feel
4 I have never slept so well anywhere else

4 A quiet, peaceful resort that has you whispering on occasions, the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is the perfect place in Bali to relax.
4 A quiet, peaceful resort
4 has you whispering on occasions
4 is the perfect place in Bali to relax

4 Everything is on hand - there's a huge buffet breakfast in the mornings, a nice selection of restaurants and bars in the evenings, and in between there's a good pool and beach to sit by and soak up the sun.
4 Everything is on hand
4 there's a huge buffet breakfast in the mornings
4 a nice selection of restaurants and bars in the evenings
3 in between there's a good pool
3 beach to sit by and soak up the sun
 
3 As with anywhere in Nusa Dua, the ready availability of everything you need means you may start to get cabin fever after a few days, however taxis are waiting right outside the hotel doors, and day trips to Uluwatu, Ubud etc help break this cycle. 
1 As with anywhere in Nusa Dua, the ready availability of everything you need means you may start to get cabin fever
3 taxis are waiting right outside the hotel doors, and day trips to Uluwatu, Ubud etc help break this cycle

3 Thoroughly enjoyed our stay!

2 Try the palace club room.

3 .. Warm welcome from the GRO Ms Nona... 

4 Very well arrangement... 

3 Especially the birthday surprise... 

4 Really appreciate it so much...

3 .. Very well and nice staff... 

3 Friendly and helpful...

4 .. Definitely will be back.... 

4 I love the club facilities and benefits.

3 .. My family completely very satisfied...

3 We are just loving it! 

4 Total relaxation, serene, quiet.
 
3 Lots of chill zones. 

4 Feeling totally rejuvenated after having a massage. 

3 Luxury Escapes have put together a wonderful offer where we haven't had to hardly spend another cent.
3 Luxury Escapes have put together a wonderful offer

3 We will return to this hotel again! 

4 We feel a soul connection to Bali and its people.

3 Staff were fantastic.
 
3 Some of the other hotels are more luxurious but we liked the atmosphere, staff and overall beauty of this resort. 
1 Some of the other hotels are more luxurious
3 we liked the atmosphere, staff and overall beauty of this resort

3 The open lobby and choice of food was very good. 

3 Our room was lovely but the bed was a little hard. 
3 room was lovely
1 the bed was a little hard

1 That would be my only very small criticism.

3 We enjoyed our stay and would certainly consider choosing this hotel in future.

4 Public areas, reception, pool areas and restaurants were very very good.

3 Breakfast was busy but service and food selection were excellent.
1 Breakfast was busy
3 service and food selection were excellent

3 The old boys on reception were a bit grim but all other staff members we dealt with were outstanding.
1 The old boys on reception were a bit grim
3 all other staff members we dealt with were outstanding

2 Particularly the ladies on the customer service desk.

2 There is up to 2m tidal range on the beach making it pretty much unswimmable 2-3 hours either side of low water.
2 There is up to 2m tidal range on the beach
1 pretty much unswimmable 2-3 hours either side of low water
 
3 At other times it is lovely.

1 The room allocated to us on checkin was not up to scratch with a number of problems one would not expect in a hotel at this level.
1 The room allocated to us on checkin was not up to scratch
1 number of problems one would not expect in a hotel at this level

3 Customer service were hugely supportive and arranged alternative rooms quickly and efficiently.
3 Customer service were hugely supportive
3 arranged alternative rooms quickly and efficiently

1 It became clear during this process that houskeeping/building maintenance are releasing unacceptable rooms to guests.
2 It became clear during this process
1 houskeeping/building maintenance are releasing unacceptable rooms to guests

0 Issues include mouldy odour, worn and aged interior furniture, poorly maintained exterior balconies with stained and badly weathered furniture.
1 Issues include mouldy odour
1 worn and aged interior furniture
1 poorly maintained exterior balconies with stained
1 badly weathered furniture

2 This hotel is 32 years old. 

1 Management need to pay more attention to these details.

2 A new restaurant is under construction near the beach.

1 There was some noise during the day in close proximity but we heard nothing in our room.
1 There was some noise during the day

4 We had an amazing time at the resort, we explored a lot of Bali, but on some days couldn't wait to get back to the resort to relax.
4 We had an amazing time at the resort
4 couldn't wait to get back to the resort to relax

4 The facilities were all fantastic and the Nusa Dua area a great location to feel safe, relax and enjoy a holiday and only a short trip to other popular areas, the transport shuttles were a great way to get around. 
4 The facilities were all fantastic
4 the Nusa Dua area a great location to feel safe, relax and enjoy a holiday
4 only a short trip to other popular areas
4 the transport shuttles were a great way to get around

4 We can't wait to come back next year.

4 Our stay was excellent and it was in the perfect position on the beach of Nusa Dua.
4 Our stay was excellent
4 it was in the perfect position on the beach of Nusa Dua

4 The food was superb and our high light was dinning in the Balinese Restaurant at the Resort.
4 The food was superb
4 high light was dinning in the Balinese Restaurant

3 A little bit of Paradise. 
 
3 Overall a great stay- but just some room to improve upon would be - the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts and clearing of floating seaweeds and washed up trash near the pier (which seems to be a common issue in the area)
4 Overall a great stay
1 just some room to improve upon would be - the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts and clearing of floating seaweeds and washed up trash near the pier
1 the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts
1 clearing of floating seaweeds
1 washed up trash near the pier

2 Back after 18 years - this time with our teenage children.
 
3 Still a beautiful hotel - right mix of gardens, Balinese temple architectural and facilities.
3 Still a beautiful hotel
3 right mix of gardens
3 Balinese temple architectural and facilities
 
3 Some areas a bit tired and there was some impact from building works near the pool but overall experience was very positive.
1 Some areas a bit tired
1 there was some impact from building works near the pool
3 overall experience was very positive
 
3 Staff very friendly though some need training with billing options.
3 Staff very friendly
1 some need training with billing options

1 Food in general is good but is limited in variety.
3 Food in general is good
1 is limited in variety.

0 The buffet breakfast is first class and extensive (I still miss it) but the buffet for the traditional entertainment night we went to was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef.
4 The buffet breakfast is first class and extensive
0 the buffet for the traditional entertainment night we went to was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef
0 was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef
 
1 As with all resorts in bali/asia, some work on some reasonably priced quality wine would be a be godsend.
1 some work on some reasonably priced quality wine would be a be godsend.

3 Pools were lovely, clean and well serviced and supporting staff great.
3 Pools were lovely, clean and well serviced
3 supporting staff great

4 Big thank you for the management who extended our last day stay FOC when our daughter had a tummy bug and needed to sleep before we left on a late nigh flight - no hassles and lots of good advice.
4 Big thank you for the management
2 who extended our last day stay FOC when our daughter had a tummy bug and needed to sleep before we left on a late nigh flight
4 no hassles and lots of good advice

3 We would return again.

1 Bathroom needs some maintenance improved shower head and room tends to flood.
1 Bathroom needs some maintenance
1 improved shower head
1 room tends to flood

4 Fabulous attention to detail in the public areas. 
4 Fabulous attention to detail

4 Impressive entrance area especially at night. 
4 Impressive entrance area

4 Staff very friendly and attentive
 
3 We went for the second time to Nusa Dua Beach hotel & Spa.
 
4 And again it was fantastic! Breakfast, staff ..... basically everything was excellent! 
4 it was fantastic!
4 basically everything was excellent!

3 If you have a problem, they fix it! Fantastic!

3 if possible, we come back again very soon

1 Our only concern in this excellent visit was the height of the bed!

1 For disabled people (and even some able bodied people) it was simply too high.

2 The bed needs to be at the same height as the wheelchair

4 Absolutely beautiful resort with unimaginable Opulance in all its marble and gold features many beautiful eateries, entertainment and pools with beach across footpath.
4 Absolutely beautiful resort
4 unimaginable Opulance in all its marble and gold features
4 many beautiful eateries, entertainment and pools
3 beach across footpath

3 Don't miss the fire dancing and smorgasbord.

2 We stayed 10 nights with the Palace Club package.

3 It's worth every cent! 

4 We were pampered from the moment we arrived until our reluctant departure. 

4 We are looking forward to returning ASAP. 

4 The spa is a wonderful retreat. 

4 The service was amazing. 

3 Although the property is one of the originals in Nusa Dua it is very well maintained. 
2 the property is one of the originals in Nusa Dua
3 it is very well maintained

4 Could not fault anything.

3 My husband and I enjoyed our first trip to Bali and staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa made it very memorable.
3 My husband and I enjoyed our first trip to Bali
3 staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa made it very memorable.

4 The food, staff and facilities were excellent and we will certainly be returning to enjoy the peace and tranquility.
3 The food, staff and facilities were excellent
4 we will certainly be returning to enjoy the peace and tranquility

1 Room was tired and the balcony wooden rail was hanging off so not safe.
1 Room was tired
1 the balcony wooden rail was hanging off so not safe
 
1 Bathroom small. 

1 Wifi was intermittent. 

1 Not 5 star. 

0 The food was very average with the breakfast buffet poor quality. 
0 The food was very average
0 breakfast buffet poor quality

0 The italian cafe had a limited menu and the pizzas were terrible and only 2 pasta dishes which were microwaved. 
1 The italian cafe had a limited menu
0 the pizzas were terrible
0 only 2 pasta dishes which were microwaved

3 The gardens are lovely and offer privacy from the balcony (just don't lean on the rail). 
3 The gardens are lovely and offer privacy from the balcony
1 just don't lean on the rail

3 The pool and beach are lovely and no doubt the new beach club will be lovely when its completed. 
3 The pool and beach are lovely
3 no doubt the new beach club will be lovely when its completed

1 The jack hammer was a little annoying all day though but it was unavoidable. 
1 The jack hammer was a little annoying all day
2 but it was unavoidable

1 The spa was ok but needs an upgrade . 
2 The spa was ok
1 needs an upgrade

1 Unfortunately it isn't really a 5 star hotel, maybe once but not now and the food is way behind other hotels in Nusa Dua. 
1 Unfortunately it isn't really a 5 star hotel, maybe once but not now
1 the food is way behind other hotels in Nusa Dua

1 It doesn't compare to the Mulia or Hyatt unfortunately for similar prices.

3 Special mention of the helpfulness of the staff (Yarnie & Kartia at the airport).
 
3 Also the beautiful gardens and the peace & tranquility of the spa pool.. 
3 Also the beautiful gardens
3 the peace & tranquility of the spa pool

3 We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves..
 
3 This was our second trip to Bali and our first to Nusa Dua.
 
2 Both very different experiences. 

3 Staying at Nusa Dua was a lot quieter than staying in Seminyak but not a problem as we arranged for a driver if we wanted to go anywhere.
1 Staying at Nusa Dua was a lot quieter than staying in Seminyak
3 not a problem as we arranged for a driver if we wanted to go anywhere

3 On the days that we stayed in the resort, the beach was lovely and the pool magnificent. 
3 the beach was lovely and the pool magnificent
3 the pool magnificent

3 All in all a very relaxing stay

3 Such a relaxing escape from city life and the resort met our expectations.
3 Such a relaxing escape from city life
3 the resort met our expectations.

3 Staff are always so friendly and willing to help. 
3 willing to help

3 This was our second visit to the hotel and we were as happy with it as the first.
3 we were as happy with it as the first

3 We are in our 60's and bought a Luxury Escape deal never expecting such a wonderful holiday.
2 We are in our 60's
2 We are in our 60's and bought a Luxury Escape deal
3 never expecting such a wonderful holiday
 
3 All meals included - were from 3 restaurants - all delivered lovely tasty food. 
2 All meals included - were from 3 restaurants
3 all delivered lovely tasty food. 

4 Divine swimming pools (get up early and put your towel onto a deck chair around the pool - or miss out). 
4 Divine swimming pools
4 get up early and put your towel onto a deck chair around the pool - or miss out

3 We enjoyed the bike hire - riding along the beach front, the lap pool in a quiet area, the gym and the massages. 
3 We enjoyed the bike hire
3 riding along the beach front, the lap pool in a quiet area, the gym and the massages.

4 The theme nights with great entertainment were unreal.
4 great entertainment were unreal

3 Our room 1213 was in the best position, close to pool, restaurants & beach.
3 best position
3 close to pool, restaurants & beach

4 Breakfast is excellent and the huge pond filled with reptiles and fish and a beautiful Herron, surrounds the breakfast area giving such beautiful peace and tranquillity. 

4 The resort gardens are just beautiful - take the 1hour tour of the gardens with the head gardener.
4 The resort gardens are just beautiful
3 take the 1hour tour of the gardens with the head gardener

3 Thank you to the resort and Luxury Escapes. 

3 We hope to be back one day.

3 We have just returned from using an 8 day Luxury escape package at this hotel and thought it was an excellent package and venue.
2 We have just returned from using an 8 day Luxury escape package
3 it was an excellent package and venue

3 Although the fully inclusive meal deal took a little bit of working out and an included deal to visit a show at another venue meant we couldn't use one of the dinner meals it was still very good value overall. 
2 Although the fully inclusive meal deal took a little bit of working out
2 an included deal to visit a show at another venue meant we couldn't use one of the dinner meals
3 it was still very good value overall.
 
2 Each lunch was a single course at a restaurant of your choice and each dinner 2 courses, either entrée and main or main and desert which is still more than many would eat normally anyway.
2 Each lunch was a single course
2 Each lunch was a single course at a restaurant of your choice
2 each dinner 2 courses
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entrée and main
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entrée and main or main and desert
2 each dinner 2 courses, either entrée and main or main and desert which is still more than many would eat normally anyway

2 If you want something else you can still get it and just pay for the additional amount so you are not restricted at all in what you can eat.
2 If you want something else you can still get it
2 just pay for the additional amount so you are not restricted at all in what you can eat

4 The resort is still great, we were there last year and the staff and facilities are still excellent.
4 The resort is still great
2 we were there last year
4 the staff and facilities are still excellent.

4 If you really wanted to find a reason to complain about something you could find a few little problems but this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient and want to make your stay as good as they can for everyone.
3 If you really wanted to find a reason to complain about something you could find a few little problems
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient and want to make your stay as good as they can for everyone.
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient
4 this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly
4 this resort is overall great value for money
 
1 Witnessed a couple of instances of disputes between guests over sun lounges around the pools which I think would be easily remedied by maybe getting some hour glass sand timers or something like that so you had only a 1 hour window to leave your chairs unattended so someone else could use them.
1 Witnessed a couple of instances of disputes between guests over sun lounges

1 I saw several times chairs "marked" with towels that were not used for the entire day while others walked around trying to find somewhere to sit.

1 A few more chairs under the trees would help as well as not everyone needs to be right next to the pools.

3 This resort retains a lot of Balinese heritage and charm compared to many of the newer more "Americanised" venues that surround it so it depends on what you are looking for on your holiday as to weather this is the place for you or not but we think things like the large Lizards wandering around the dining area, squirrels on the room balconies and the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return.
3 This resort retains a lot of Balinese heritage and charm
3 we think things like the large Lizards wandering around the dining area, squirrels on the room balconies and the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return
4 the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return

1 Resort is ok but not 5 star or worth the money.
 
1 We have been to Bali over 10 times and there are much better resorts in Nusa Dua or Kuta side.
2 We have been to Bali over 10 times
2 there are much better resorts in Nusa Dua or Kuta side

1 We came here on a Luxury Escape package with 10 nights inclusive of all food plus an additional charge for children which I would not recommend.
2 We came here on a Luxury Escape package with 10 nights inclusive of all food
1 an additional charge for children which I would not recommend
 
1 There are exclusions and rules not spelt out in the ad when you purchase it.
 
1 Room is clean but bathroom is tiny (you can't really have more than one person in there at a time) and looks like the renovation isn't quite finished. 
3 Room is clean
1 bathroom is tiny (you can't really have more than one person in there at a time)
1 looks like the renovation isn't quite finished

1 Air conditioner doesn't really work (especially at night) and there is no way to adjust the temperature. 
1 Air conditioner doesn't really work
 
0 Wifi is intermittent and extremely slow - very frustrating so you just give up. 
1 Wifi is intermittent
1 Wifi is intermittent and extremely slow
 
1 Food is eatable but not the quality and variety you can get at other resorts and restaurants (and for cheaper). 
2 Food is eatable
1 not the quality and variety you can get at other resorts and restaurants (and for cheaper).
 
0 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals which they can only pick from for dinner and lunch and do not have great nutritional value. 
1 Kids meals very limited
1 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals
1 Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals which they can only pick from for dinner and lunch

0 Same goes for the adults with limited fresh salads or vegetables. 

1 The buffet nights are ok but if you don't eat seafood then there isn't a lot of choice.
2 The buffet nights are ok
1 if you don't eat seafood then there isn't a lot of choice.

1 Breakfast is ok but once again not to a 5 star standard. 
2 Breakfast is ok
1 once again not to a 5 star standard

1 We had fresher pastries, juices etc and different variety each day a a smaller resort in Kuta earlier in the week. 
1 We had fresher pastries, juices etc and different variety each day a a smaller resort in Kuta

0 Very disappointing experience and one I would not recommend.

2 We have been visiting Bali for the last 5 years but this was our first visit to the Nusa Dua area.
2 We have been visiting Bali for the last 5 years
 
3 From the moment we checked in until our unfortunate departure, we could not have been more impressed nor had a more enjoyable stay at this resort. 
3 From the moment we checked in until our unfortunate departure
4 we could not have been more impressed nor had a more enjoyable stay at this resort.

4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful and would go out of their way to ensure everything is in order and also when help or assistance was needed. 
4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful
4 The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful and would go out of their way to ensure everything is in order

3 There are plenty of facilities to utilise within the resort to keep yourself entertained.
3 There are plenty of facilities to utilise

3 There is also variety of food and dining options along with theme nights so no real need to leave if you desire
3 There is also variety of food and dining options
3 There is also variety of food and dining options along with theme nights

3 There are some new facilities under construction so this resort will only get better!
2 There are some new facilities under construction
3 this resort will only get better!

4 Thanks to the GM Mr Urs Klee and your wonderful staff for a truly memorable holiday.
3 Thanks to the GM Mr Urs Klee
4 your wonderful staff for a truly memorable holiday

4 We could not have been more impressed.

4 We had a great time with our 2 young kids.

4 Staff were very friendly and overall the restaurants were good.
4 Staff were very friendly
3 overall the restaurants were good.

4 Buffet breakfast was the best and swimming pools were great! 
4 Buffet breakfast was the best
4 swimming pools were great!
 
1 Only one thing, the service waiters around the pool areas could have been increased as sometimes it took a long time to flag one down, hotel would also make more money with more drinks sold so this should be a no brainier!
1 Only one thing, the service waiters around the pool areas could have been increased as sometimes it took a long time to flag one down
2 hotel would also make more money with more drinks sold so this should be a no brainier
 
3 Overall very happy and would return!
3 Overall very happy
3 would return!

4 The spa was just fabulous, from the treatments that were available (although it was surprising that you manicure/pedicure on the menu), the site away from the hotel was nice and peaceful.
4 The spa was just fabulous
4 The spa was just fabulous, from the treatments that were available

4 The facilities were fabulous - the gym, pool, and tennis and squash courts - awesome!
4 The facilities were fabulous
4 awesome

4 Have been going to BALI for the last twenty years and this is my fourth stay at this wonderful resort as me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI not only for couples but also for families.
4 Have been going to BALI for the last twenty years
3 this is my fourth stay at this wonderful resort
me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI not only for couples but also for families
4 me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI
 
4 When the new restaurant at the beach front and new pool on the other side of resort are finished this will only add to the experience also notice the outside WIFI antennas being installed and must mention all the lovely staff ,thanks again for a great holiday . 
2 When the new restaurant at the beach front and new pool on the other side of resort are finished
3 this will only add to the experience
3 also notice the outside WIFI antennas being installed
3 must mention all the lovely staff ,thanks again for a great holiday 
3 thanks again for a great holiday 
 
3 We bought our holiday through a 'Luxury Escapes' package, for which our value for money cannot be faulted.
2 We bought our holiday through a 'Luxury Escapes' package
3 for which our value for money cannot be faulted.

4 The resort is lovely, three great pools, right on the beach which has spectacular views of the volcano in the distance, lovely traditional gardens with an amazing entrance.
4 The resort is lovely
4 The resort is lovely, three great pools
4 The resort is lovely, three great pools, right on the beach which has spectacular views of the volcano in the distance,
4 lovely traditional gardens with an amazing entrance

1 The food is okay - more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated but that's just preference.
2 The food is okay
1 more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated
1 more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated but that's just preference

4 The spa is beautiful and decadent.
3 The spa is beautiful
4 decadent

4 It was my husbands birthday and the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers - all without prompting or request - these are the touches that make a stay special and to be remembered- thank-you Nusa Dua Beach Resort.
2 It was my husbands birthday
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers
4 the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers - all without prompting or request
4 these are the touches that make a stay special and to be remembered
4 these are the touches that make a stay special
3 thank-you

2 we heard about this place by Luxury escapes.

2 we loved everything about it and are planning to come back in the very near future.

4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us at breakfast, lunch and dinner
without forgetting the kindness of the staff around the pools, always happy to help.
4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us
4 Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us at breakfast, lunch and dinner
4 without forgetting the kindness of the staff around the pools
4 the kindness of the staff around the pools
4 always happy to help.

4 A holiday to remember!

3 Was confused why our family booking of 6 people didn't have the adjoining room door but it was very quickly fixed.
2 Was confused why our family booking of 6 people didn't have the adjoining room door
3 it was very quickly fixed

3 Thank you so much. 

1 Our room was so very far away from the pool which was a shame. 
2 Our room was so very far away from the pool
1 which was a shame

1 The creche was not so good. 
3 so good

1 Beautiful staff but activities need changing and need to be more exciting.
3 Beautiful staff
1 activities need changing and need to be more exciting
1 activities need changing
1 need to be more exciting

1 ..like Westin Resort next door?? Your staff were excellent but please take 'movie time' off your list. 
3 Your staff were excellent
1 please take 'movie time' off your list

4 Pool amazing. 

4 Breakfast amazing. 

4 Staff amazing. 

4 Thankyou so very much. :)

1 Suggest that the rooms be critically checked for wear and tear.

1 Woodwork in bathrooms need cleaning up and fresh wood sealing. 
1 Woodwork in bathrooms need cleaning up

1 Power plug in room did not work. 

1 Shower rose blocked. 

1 Rooms are beautiful just need a little TLC.
3 Rooms are beautiful
1 just need a little TLC.

1 Would have thought that there might have been at least one Indian curry on the menu in one of the restaurants.

1 In this day and age, free wifi in hotels is as much an essential as hot and cold water- I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it, yet the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants;
2 In this day and age, free wifi in hotels is as much an essential as hot and cold water
1 I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it, yet the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants
1 I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it
1 the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants

1 I wasn't able to get a good enough signal on the beach.
1 wasn't able to get a good enough signal

3 Aside from that one disappointment, I enjoyed every minute of my stay here.
1 that one disappointment
3 I enjoyed every minute of my stay here

2 From what I can make out from other reviews, there seems to be quite a difference in quality between the basic 'Deluxe' rooms, and the better 'Premier' rooms. 
 
4 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel, overlooking the garden and small lake- it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife and the fountain in the lake.
3 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel, overlooking the garden and small lake
2 We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel
2 We stayed in a Premier room
4 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife and the fountain in the lake
3 it was truly a joy
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights
3 it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife

4 The Premier room was very good indeed: clean and in good condition, comfortable bed, Balinese-style wood furniture and a balcony overlooking the aforementioned garden.
4 The Premier room was very good indeed
3 clean and in good condition
3 comfortable bed
3 Balinese-style wood furniture
3 a balcony overlooking the aforementioned garden

3 The bathroom was also good, with a decent shower and separate bath tub.
3 bathroom was also good
3 a decent shower
3 separate bath tub

3 There was a welcome fruit basket in the room on our arrival containing some varieties that I had never tried before, including my new favourite fruit: mangosteens! 
3 There was a welcome fruit basket in the room on our arrival
3 There was a welcome fruit basket
3 some varieties that I had never tried before
3 including my new favourite fruit

1 There were also two bottles of complimentary bottled water, replenished daily, though they had metal caps requiring a bottle opener, yet we couldn't find a bottle opener in the room- luckily we had one of our own.
3 complimentary bottled water
3 complimentary bottled water, replenished daily
1 complimentary bottled water, replenished daily, though they had metal caps requiring a bottle opener
1 we couldn't find a bottle opener in the room- luckily we had one of our own.

4 The buffet breakfast was excellent with a good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices: the soursop juice was absolutely delicious! 
4 The buffet breakfast was excellent
4 good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices: the soursop juice was absolutely delicious! 
3 good international selection of hot and cold food
3 good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices
4 the soursop juice was absolutely delicious!

4 And I particularly enjoyed the fresh passion fruits, guavas and yellow watermelon.
4 I particularly enjoyed

3 The choices did not vary much from day-to-day, but there was sufficient choice to stop you becoming bored.
3 choices did not vary much from day-to-day
3 there was sufficient choice to stop you becoming bored

4 The extensive, but not overwhelming, gardens, grounds and low-rise buildings were immaculately maintained, and the staff were helpful and polite.
4 The extensive, but not overwhelming, gardens, grounds and low-rise buildings were immaculately maintained
3 the staff were helpful and polite

3 The sandy beach was good, constantly being cleaned, and there were only a few licensed hawkers who were not pushy at all.
3 beach was good, constantly being cleaned,
3 beach was good
3 constantly being cleaned
2 there were only a few licensed hawkers who were not pushy at all
1 there were only a few licensed hawkers
2 not pushy at all
 
3 The sea was warm and clear but did contain a bit of seaweed debris, though not enough to spoil your enjoyment. 
1 The sea was warm and clear but did contain a bit of seaweed debris
3 The sea was warm and clear
1 contain a bit of seaweed debris
3 not enough to spoil your enjoyment
 
3 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630, but if you can get down to the beach for the sunrise, there's something quite special about it, you can even join in a sunrise yoga session if you fancy it.
3 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630, but if you can get down to the beach for the sunrise, there's something quite special about it
2 It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630
3 you can even join in a sunrise yoga session if you fancy it
 
2 Although the hotel faces east, you can get a semblance of a sunset view by going into the sea and looking back towards the hotel.
  
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area is that, being a gated 'enclave', local dining options are limited to either your hotel, neighbouring hotels, or the Bali Collection mall.
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area is that, being a gated 'enclave', local dining options are limited
1 The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area
2 being a gated 'enclave'
1 local dining options are limited
2 to either your hotel, neighbouring hotels, or the Bali Collection mall

3 Absolutely, though I hope that by the time of my next visit, free wifi has been rolled out throughout the entire hotel.
3 Absolutely
2 I hope that by the time of my next visit
3 free wifi has been rolled out throughout the entire hotel

4 It's been seven years we always come to nusa dua beach and spa and it's always the same great place and good service consistency with great various healthy choice of breakfast.
4 It's been seven years we always come to nusa dua beach and spa
2 It's been seven years
4 we always come to nusa dua beach and spa

4 This time we were so lucky to experienced the turtle hatched on the beach behind the hotel at night.
4 This time we were so lucky to experienced the turtle hatched
4 This time we were so lucky
3 to experienced the turtle hatched
2 on the beach behind the hotel at night

4 Very great time.

4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful.
4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities
4 Amazing resort
4 with amazing pool
4 well maintained beach and facilities
4 staff very friendly and helpful
4 staff very friendly
3 helpful

1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby.
1 Food and drinks were over priced
1 disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby
1 disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms
2 only available in the lobby

4 This hotel was absolutely amazing! 

4 The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great.
4 The staff were extremely Friendly
4 the facilities were great

4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay.
4 It was awesome experience
2 our 10 day stay
 
3 The location was convenient, very easy to get around. 
3 The location was convenient
3 very easy to get around
 
4 We Will definitely be returning 

4 We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful.
4 We will be back
4 we loved this resort
4 it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful
4 was just beautiful safe
4 the gardens we just beautiful

4 Great family holiday. 

1 Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint. 
1 Pillows were a bit soft
3 that is the only complaint

4 Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful.
4 Staff are wonderful
4 extremely helpful

4 We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children. 
4 We felt safe as a family
4 the location was perfect
4 we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children
2 we could leave the resort & come back in the night
4 felt safe especially having young children

4 Meals were good breakfast was amazing.
3 Meals were good
4 breakfast was amazing

3 Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel.
2 Stayed here for business
3 really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel

4 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.
3 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant
4 recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach

3 Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
3 Rooms are designed in Balinese style
3 my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning

3 Good selection for breakfast as well. 

3 Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
3 Staff are super friendly
3 the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors
3 will be happy to stay here again

3 This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience.
3 This hotel has a local flavour
3 with Balinese ambience

3 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though. 
3 Overall, stay was good
3 pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded
3 pools are big enough
3 you won't feel too crowded
1 not enough beach chairs though

1 Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility.
1 Toilets are a bit cramp
1 no separate shower facility

2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age.
2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday
2 We recently stayed at the hotel
2 two young children under 3 years of age.

4 We had a fabulous time. 
 
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had
4 particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
4 beautiful gardens and location.
 
4 The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! 
4 The kids loved the pool
4 the service was above and beyond!
 
4 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend.
4 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay
4 would highly recommend.
 
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service
3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided
3 excellent service
2 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
2 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food
2 the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
 
3 Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
3 Great stay here
4 staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience
1 I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
1 I feel the food could be improved upon
1 in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
1 my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
1 my food was served cold
1 did not look fresh for one example

1 Otherwise this place is beautiful.

1 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach.
2 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua
1 you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere
3 but you will enjoy nice beach.

1 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again. 
2 This hotel is a bit oldish
1 I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again

1 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized...
2 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach
1 noisy by the way
3 that could be nice when finalized...

3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it
3 This is the second time back
4 we loved everybit of it
1 just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
1 just a little disappointed
2 our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
3 loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
3 loved our stay staff so friendly
3 definitely back again

3 Hopefully with a better room position

3 Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
 
3 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great.
3 The hotel staff are welcoming
3 friendly
3 always ready to make you feel great

3 The gardens are beautiful. 

4 The palace club is the best! 

4 Great experience. 

4 Highly recommended.

2 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa.

3 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews.
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon
2 Having booked this property
3 we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews
2 we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary
3 following their reviews

4 Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel.
2 right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities
4 the immaculately kept gardens
4 to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel
4 to the most warm and friendly staff

3 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style.
2 There are several top class hotels along the strip
3 the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style

4 Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment.
4 the excellent range of breakfast to start the day
4 to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach
4 the quality traditional evening entertainment

4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too.
4 the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too
4 the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could
4 always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could
4 very efficient and professional too.

4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals.
4 the whole hotel team was magnificent
4 we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals
4 we have to give a special mention to
4 who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible
4 our special thanks go to these individuals

4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same.
4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across
4 with its deep cultural roots
4 the most friendly people you could hope to come across
4 we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same
4 we would certainly stay at
4 having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same

4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday.
4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff
4 who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I
4 a truly dream holiday

4 This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
4 This hotel is exceptional
4 it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings
3 gives a complete service
4 very beautiful surroundings

4 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf.
4 very similar to other 5 star hotels
2 in locations such as the Gulf.

4 Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus.
4 Breakfast cannot be faulted over all the Pool and
4  Pool area are excellent
3 the proximity of the beach is a bonus

3 Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel.
2 Did not use the Spa
3 a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel

3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences.
3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style
3 without the over the top Western influences
1 over the top Western influences
 
3 Friendly, relaxed and great value. 
3 Friendly
3 relaxed
4 great value
 
4 The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! 
3 The rooms are spacious and comfortable
4 beds and pillows are to die for
 
4 Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational.
3 Good mix of restaurants and bars
4 the breakfasts are sensational
 
4 Great setting on the beach.
 
1 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
3 The hotel is very beautiful
3 have excellent facilities
1 the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
1 the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price
Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better.
2 superior than the average in Bali
 
4 Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful. 
4 Amazing resort
4 with amazing pool 
3 well maintained beach and facilities
3 staff very friendly and helpful

1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby
1 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing 
1 that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby

4 This hotel was absolutely amazing! The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great. 
4 This hotel was absolutely amazing!
3 The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great. 

4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay The location was convenient, very easy to get around We Will definitely be returning 
4 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay
3 The location was convenient
4 very easy to get around
4 We Will definitely be returning 

4 We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful
4 We will be back
4 we loved this resort
4 it was just beautiful safe
4 the gardens we just beautiful

3 Great family holiday Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful
4 Great family holiday
1 Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint
4 Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful

4 We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children Meals were good breakfast was amazing
3 We felt safe as a family 
4 the location was perfect
3 we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children
3 Meals were good
4 breakfast was amazing

3 Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel. 
2 Stayed here for business 
3 really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel

2 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.
2 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant
2 recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach.

2 Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
2 Rooms are designed in Balinese style 
2 my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.


3 Good selection for breakfast as well Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
3 Good selection for breakfast
4 Staff are super friendly 
3 the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors
4 will be happy to stay here again


2 This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience. 


3 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though.
3 Overall, stay was good
3 pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded
1 but not enough beach chairs though.

1 Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility
1 Toilets are a bit cramp
1 no separate shower facility

4 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age. We had a fabulous time We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location.
2 We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age
4 We had a fabulous time
4 We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had
4 particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location


4 The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend
4 The kids loved the pool 
4 the service was above and beyond! 
3 We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay 
4 would highly recommend


3 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
4 Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service
1 please improved quality restaurants that serve local food 
2 provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua

3 Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
 Otherwise this place is beautiful
4 Great stay here
4 the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you,
1 if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, 
0 in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example
3 Otherwise this place is beautiful

2 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach
1 If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere 
3 but you will enjoy nice beach


1 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized
0 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again 
1 They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) 
3 that could be nice when finalized

3 This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again Hopefully with a better room position
2 This is the second time back at the same hotel 
3 we loved everybit of it 
1 just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit
4 ether then that loved our stay 
3 staff so friendly 
4 definitely back again Hopefully with a better room position

4 Our stay at this hotel was perfect. The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great The gardens are beautiful The palace club is the best! Great experience Highly recommended
4 Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
4 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great
3 The gardens are beautiful 
4 The palace club is the best! 
4 Great experience 
4 Highly recommended

4 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa. Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews. Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel
2 We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa
2 Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews
4 Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, 
4 right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities
4 the immaculately kept gardens 
4 the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel


4 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style
Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment
2 There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style
4 Superb facilities 
4 excellent range of breakfast to start the day 
3 the lovely pools 
3 relaxing areas around the beach 
3 quality traditional evening entertainment

4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too
4 However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff 
3 always ready to help in any way they could 
4 to make the day special in every way they could 
3 very efficient and professional too

4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals
4 Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) 
4 who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, 
4 our special thanks go to these individuals

4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same
4 Hopefully we are lucky enough to return 
4 to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across 
4 we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa 
4 having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same

4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday
4 Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff 
4 such an incredible experience for my wife and I, 
4 a truly dream holiday


4 This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings. It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf
4 This hotel is exceptional 
4 it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
2 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf


4 Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus
4 Breakfast cannot be faulted 
4 over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
3 the proximity of the beach is a bonus

2 Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences 
1 Did not use the Spa 
2 a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel 
3 Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences


3 Friendly, relaxed and great value The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational Great setting on the beach
4 Friendly, relaxed and great value 
3 The rooms are spacious and comfortable
4 beds and pillows are to die for! 
3 Good mix of restaurants and bars 
4 the breakfasts are sensational
4 Great setting on the beach


3 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali
4 The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities
1 but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price
3 superior than the average in Bali


1 Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better 
flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food
swimming pool floor quite slippery
if possible , free wifi in rooms 
room air con should be more adjustable
more free activities for kids at kid club
The bathroom smell was awful


1 Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better 
0 flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food
1 swimming pool floor quite slippery
2 if possible , free wifi in rooms 
1 room air con should be more adjustable
2 more free activities for kids at kid club
0 The bathroom smell was awful

3 The room and location itself was perfect I would like to visit the hotel again The service was provided well I loved the beach and the room I hope you can make it up in the next time
4 The room and location itself was perfect 
3 I would like to visit the hotel again 
3 The service was provided well 
3 I loved the beach and the room 
1 I hope you can make it up in the next time


0 The Negatives -  prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc all day! If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere Electric hammers are so loud and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings
0 The Negatives -  prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc all day! 
0 If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere 
0 Electric hammers are so loud 
0 and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings


1 Prepare to rise early to get a sunbed 

2 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price) and the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again) 
1 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - 
2 this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind 
2 The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price)
2 the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again) 

3 Positives -
Rooms and amenities are clean. Staff are friendly. Location 

3 Positives - Rooms and amenities are clean. 
3 Staff are friendly. 
3 Location 


0 The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment - who wants to listen to that every day by the pool
0 The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment 
0 who wants to listen to that every day by the pool


4 Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! The food was good, service excellent, staff were helpful and friendly. We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request We will certainly be returning
4 Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! 
4 The food was good, 
4 service excellent, 
3 staff were helpful and friendly.
3 We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request 
4 We will certainly be returning


4 Great value family holiday Wonderful property, friendly staff, very good food and beverage quality and service and overall a wonderful family holiday
4 Great value family holiday 
4 Wonderful property,
3 friendly staff, 
4 very good food and beverage quality and service 
4 overall a wonderful family holiday


1 The only points to improve on would be:
*  The tiles around the pool are too slippery * Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer
0  The tiles around the pool are too slippery 
1 Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer


4 I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel
2 We were there in May
4 The food was fantastic
4 The resort was fantastic
4 The privacy was fantastic

4 The staff was fantastic most of all there were 2 staff members that need naming. There names were Novi where we had a beautiful breakfast every morning. Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant. What 2 beautiful lovely ladies. 
4 The staff was fantastic 
3 most of all there were 2 staff members that need naming. 
4 There names were Novi where we had a beautiful breakfast every morning. 
3 Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant. 
4 What 2 beautiful lovely ladies. 

4 We would love to go back next year. Well worth every penny
4 We would love to go back next year. 
3 Well worth every penny


1 serving customer with same standard and not otherwise

2 local flavours should be encourage to certain extend especially the porridge

1 rooms air conditioning to be look into

3 good eco property but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard
3 good eco property 
1 but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard

4 Its a very good hotel, very well located, with friendly and helpfull staff, the facilities are also well
4 Its a very good hotel
4 very well located,
3 with friendly and helpfull staff, 
3 the facilities are also well


3 The decoration and its enviroment,are good and very taken care

3 Breakfast if the restaurant is full,staff allways get you a table

1 I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free
0 I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! 
1 There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests 
1 so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free


0 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter and kids playground not working 
0 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter 
0 and kids playground not working 


1 when we arrived I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired and areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back 
Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!
0 when we arrived I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired 
1 areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed 
3 However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated 
0 but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back 
4 Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!


2 Large resort, maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams
3 Large resort, 
1 maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams

3 Chess bar staff very helpful advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) and no reservations left at modern Asian 
3 Chess bar staff very helpful 
3 advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) 
1 and no reservations left at modern Asian 


4 Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! The nut crackers are to die for
4 Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! 
4 The nut crackers are to die for

3 Very good value, except for the hotel restaurants, good but a bit pricey, and the free wifi which is of poor quality
 otherwise it is great comfort, great value, the breakfast is excellent with good product quality and the staff is great

3 Very good value
3 except for the hotel restaurants, good 
1 but a bit pricey
1 the free wifi which is of poor quality
3 otherwise it is great comfort, great value,
4 the breakfast is excellent 
3 good product quality 
3 the staff is great

2 The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close To a construction site and the A/C was leaking water Besides that, everything was perfect The Restaurants were fine But the breakfast was amazing One of the best in a hotel
1 The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close
To a construction site 
1 and the A/C was leaking water
3 Besides that, everything was perfect 
3 The Restaurants were fine 
4 But the breakfast was amazing One of the best in a hotel

4 We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations for both quality and value.
4 We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations
2 for both quality and value

1 The only issue we had was that there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort. 
1 The only issue we had was that
2 there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort
 
2 However we soon worked out ways to get around this. 
 
3 Overall a fantastic stay

4 Sensational hotel - as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
4 Sensational hotel
4 as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
3 as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay
3 there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
3 there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities

3 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay and the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special! 
2 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay 
3 the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special!
3 the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us
3 providing a cake
3 the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special!
4 she felt incredibly special!

4 We will definitely return in the future.

4 This hotel is a first class experience, we loved the room, the view and the service was emaculate.
4 This hotel is a first class experience
4 we loved the room
4 the view and the service was emaculate
 
3 The beach close to most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish..
3 The beach close to
2 most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish.

3 so enjoyed most of our days on the beach and in the water. 
3  so enjoyed most of our days
 
2 We also try the diving course at Tanjung Benoa. 
 
3 The reef so colourful, still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes. 
3 The reef so colourful
3 still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes
3 still healthy fresh coral
3 so many kind of colourful fishes
 
3 At last we took a journey to the other side of Bali at beautiful Jimbaran Bay. 
 
2 We found this place on the internet ( http://www.suprentalbali.com/stand-up-paddle ) as my wife wanted to try Stand Up Paddle for the first time. 
 
3 Great sport, a lot of fun, lovely people. 
3 Great sport
3 a lot of fun
3 lovely people

4 Was a great great holiday, Love bali so much.
4 Was a great great holiday

2 Booked through a company that had advertised the palace upgrade as adults only, but it was in fact a place children were allowed.

1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time, the management was not interested in responding to our feedback.
1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time
1 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress
2 at having children run round during the cocktail time
1 the management was not interested in responding to our feedback
1 the management was not interested
2 responding to our feedback
 
1 Drinks were really expensive food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic, other options were poor.
1 Drinks were really expensive
3 food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic
1 other options were poor

4 Extremely well maintained property.

4 Very freindly staff. 

2 Was travelling with my daughter aged 1.

2 so based my decision on other reviews. 

2 Was not disappointed at all. 

3 The property is huge with different sections based on your needs.
3 The property is huge with different sections
3 The property is huge
2 with different sections
2 based on your needs

3 Breakfast spread was very large with a variety of options.
3 Breakfast spread was very large
3 with a variety of options

3 Tried all the in house restaurants - food was well prepared. 
2 Tried all the in house restaurants
3 food was well prepared

3 A lot of other dining options if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.
3 A lot of other dining options
2 if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.

3 Beach play with my daughter was the best part.
2 Beach play with my daughter
3 the best part

3 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta the beach seemed very private and maintained. 
2 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta
3 the beach seemed very private and maintained
 
3 Security is not a concern anywhere across the property.
3 Security is not a concern
2 anywhere across the property
 
3 The lap pool was my favourite - just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree. 
3 The lap pool was my favourite
3 just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree

3 We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small but the balcony helped.
1 We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small
3 but the balcony helped

2 After all we were there to be outside the room most of the time.

3 There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel which was helpful.
2 There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel
3 which was helpful
 
3 The shops inside sell very unique things.

3 A must stay if you are planning a good time with family.
3 A must stay
3 if you are planning a good time with family

4 Love the smile and good customer service.
4 Love the smile
3 good customer service
 
4 Staffs are very friendly and make me feel warm and welcome.
4 Staffs are very friendly
4 make me feel warm and welcome
 
3 Room is spacious and comfortable. 

3 Food very nice too. 

1 Only shortage is kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu. 
1 Only shortage
1 kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu.
1 kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there
1 kids everyday have the same menu.

3 Other than, yes, definitely will recommended to friend.
1 Other than
3 yes, definitely will recommended to friend.

3 Room was a little smaller than we thought - service was great - variety of food available.
1 Room was a little smaller than we thought
3 service was great
3 variety of food available.

1 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind but it seems that the people were not returning to them.
2 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind
1 but it seems that the people were not returning to them.

1 Maybe collection of unused towels more often would allow others to use facilities.

3 Amazing place.
 
4 Been here twice and will again.
4 Been here twice
4 will again

1 Only downfall is the kids club, not overly welcoming and tucked away inside. 
1 Only downfall is the kids club
1 not overly welcoming and tucked away inside
1 not overly welcoming
1 tucked away inside

1 All inclusive package is great value however per night price is a little pricey.
3 All inclusive package is great value
1 per night price is a little pricey

4 Overall loved our stay and our kids made great friends!
4 Overall loved our stay
4 our kids made great friends

2 From the testimony that I read before I go to nusa dua I had pretty high expectations.
 
1 But it turns out to be an average experience. 

1 I had better experience staying in a hotel far below nusa dua beach and spa in reputation.
3 I had better experience staying in a hotel

3 That being said, the atmosphere was great and the facility was good.
3 the atmosphere was great and the facility was good

2 thank you.

1 I'll be honest, we were not over the moon with this hotel at first.
2 I'll be honest
3 we were not over the moon with this hotel at first

1 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel (although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing), and there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle.
1 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel
3 although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing
1 there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle
 
4 BUT, I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.
4 I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.

4 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great, the grounds and facilities look equally impressive, breakfast is very nice, and the beach is cleaned several times per day. The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view).
4 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great
4 the grounds and facilities look equally impressive
3 breakfast is very nice
3 beach is cleaned several times per day
4 The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view)

4 Overall, the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here.
4 the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here

4 Really enjoyed our holiday.

4 ...excellent breakfasts....good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing.
4 excellent breakfasts
3 good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing
3 good restaurants
1 Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing

1 Lacks authenticity. 

1 Underwhelming pizzas. 

1 The Chess Bar was great. 

1 Excellent burgers. 

2 Would return depending on the deal we could get. 
3 Would return
1 depending on the deal we could get

1 Renovations taking place at hotel should be disclosed to potential guests.

1 The only problem with this hotel is the wifi.

1 It is available in your room but only at a price.

1 At a five star hotel I certainly think it should be included. 

4 The food was exceptional. 

4 The best staff ever!!!!
 
3 The Nusa Dua Beach is a Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday.
3 Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday
3 Nico Place to stay
3 a relaxed Beach Holiday
 
3 Everything is Nico and clean. 
 
3 The stuf is friendly and helpul. 

3 We Liked Most the chess Bar with having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach.
3 We Liked Most the chess Bar
2 having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach

2 No Breakfast and No Wife.
 
2 ..we made the booking for 02 Adult and 02 Kids but when the confirmation printed showing only one adult....
 
1 extra 23 USD each for Breakfast which is more than the hotel rate. 
 
1 Though other hotel in the same area include breakfast for two.

4 This was the most amazing holiday we have ever experienced.
4 This was the most amazing holiday
2 we have ever experienced.

4 All staff were courteous,friendly and aimed to please in all things. 
4 aimed to please in all things

4 The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination for individuals, families and friends.
4 The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination

4 Could not recommend highly enough.

3 We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa and it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays.
2 We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa
3 it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays

4 Wonderful staff, brilliant location and food and the gardens are better than any I've seen.
4 Wonderful staff
4 brilliant location
4 food and the gardens are better than any I've seen
 
4 Can't recommend highly enough.

2 We stayed 5 nights in a Palace suite.

4 The Palace gives you special privileges including a separate dining area with breakfast, tea and happy hour, separate pool etc.
4 The Palace gives you special privileges

4 Our room was spacious and beautiful! 

4 The Balinese architecture of the resort is amazing. 

4 The staff really made us feel comfortable. 
4 really made us feel comfortable

3 They upgraded us to a suite upon arrival.
3 They upgraded us to a suite

4 The beach was very pretty and the water was pretty clean, a little garbage, but not excessive.
4 The beach was very pretty
4 the water was pretty clean
2 a little garbage, but not excessive.
1 a little garbage

2 Third time I was at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.

3 I hope I will have a chance to come back again. 
 
4 Realy peacefull and wonderfull spa + sauna.

3 Nice swinmming pool and large beach.
3 Nice swinmming pool
3 large beach
 
3 I have no complain ! 

4 Gorgeous property, wonderful location, amazingly helpful staff and delicious food.
4 Gorgeous property
4 wonderful location
4 amazingly helpful staff and delicious food
4 amazingly helpful staff
3 delicious food
 
4 This was our second visit with our young children and we will return again next year. 
3 This was our second visit with our young children
3 we will return again next year

4 Staff go above and beyond to make your stay a memorable one.
4 Staff go above and beyond
4 to make your stay a memorable one
 
3 It was hard to believe the property was 32 years old.

4 The condition and cleanliness was first class.

4 The staff were well trained and very friendly.

2 We were mainly there for the wedding of our niece.

3 Mr Nyoman Padma was particularly helpfull in making our stay memorable.

4 I appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, as well as the very friendly and helpful staff.
3 appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel
4 the very friendly and helpful staff