3 Very nice place.
3 nice place

3 friendly service.

3 perfict position. 

3 Clean Food .

3 few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .
2 few different place
3 romantic dinner
3 very nice on beach .

3 we in join stay in this hotel from day one.

Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .
 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits .
Only problem we had was with the passport which contains your benefits.
 The food was limited only when you ordered & towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior, the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book . I inadvertently lost my book on the second last day & replacing was a huge issue as they couldn't work out what was left & told me all was basically utilised (which I knew was incorrect) however they were adamant. I did however end up finding & I still had 5 lunches & 3 dinners left . There was no apology for the issues & upset our last day .
With that aside I would come back but in hindsight would keep a copy of my book each day as proof & get receipts for each transaction.
we also had someone inadvertently place purchases to our room but the boys at chess bar picked up, so u really need to check each day on your tab or pay as you go. Overall though we will likely go back wiser and look forward to another relaxing holiday
The service staff of the hotel was very friendly and went all out to help.
My spa appointment was booked on the 1st day when I arrived.
 However, there was some changes to the itinerary that I cant make it to the spa on the 3rd day. The helpdesk lady was very helpful. It was near to impossible to change as the 3rd day is a Saturday and the spa booking was full. However, the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via the helpdesk lady. Kudos to them!
One point that the hotel can improve on is perhaps the breakfast menu.
 For the 4 days we stayed, we had the nearly the same international breakfast spread everyday. It would be really fantastic if the menu is varied every other day. Thanks!
An absolutely fantastic hotel!!! From the staff to the resort and facilities!! I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
 This was our second stay and have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation. We can't wait to return :D
Wow if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further a different experience to Kuta resorts much quieter area in general but plenty for us to do kids love the kids club the traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless.
The restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely and a walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance.
Once again like all resorts in Bali I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view after all it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time.
A lovely hotel and our second visit.
 The atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff are great. It has everything that you need. This was our second time at the hotel and it did not disappoint.
Great to see the hotel's General Manager out and about, interacting with guests and making sure everything was up to scratch.
 
This was our second trip to this hotel and the main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service.
 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds which are well laid out and relaxing. The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture which is aesthetically pleasing. All services and food outlets are great with a wide choice. The hotel has a homely feel and the biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy. Loved it and will be returning again. 
This is my second time staying, but I would recommend some music around The pool.
 Also some more food attendees. Plus bathrooms need renovating so it doesn't get flooded all the time. All good otherwise
 
 
 
This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect/ From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.
 The staff were very friendly and helpful from the outset. The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings but nonetheless the rooms are clean and functional with a good "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower. Despite the lush gardens and grassed areas this hotel seemed to have fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced so they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters! The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate and in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing but probably not enough for streaming videos etc. I believe in room wi-fi is chargeable but wasnt necessary for us.I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect so I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed and coming from the middle east with low speed internet I can only say we were pleasantly surprised.
 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach and were delighted with the food and service (the black sesame prawns are a must!) As we had learned from previous visits to Bali the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants in Nusa Dua and you will most likely be advised to take a taxi. You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so but the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room). We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw" but these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort. Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM although when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back although this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk. 
Its family friendly although there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !
At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind" which looks like it should be open in August - the noise was a bit of a nuisance but we feel sure once this is complete the bar and beach area will be excellent.
We would definitely return to this hotel again, it is so relaxing and the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.
!
Our family had a great holiday in Bali.
 Nusa Dua Beach Resort had a competitive price. Even though the hotel was kind of old, but was still well maintenance. The rooms were clean, but not fancy. The hotel was big and there were many activities going on everyday. We could stay in the hotel for the whole day and weren't bored at all. The breakfast was included and had a lot of variety to choose from. We asked an extra bed, and there was no extra charge for the bed, only US10 per day for extra breakfast. The restaurants for lunch and dinner, however, were kind of pricey. So we took the free shuttle bus to Bali Collection. Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants, and it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel. Overall, I would recommend this hotel.
We love this beach resort second year we have stayed there.
 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular about 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta. The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly, rooms lovely, grounds are stunning, beach front kept spotless and patrolled by security guards.. The breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for reception staff and concierge service faultless. Beautiful reception area lobby bar and can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished. Two large pools one with a swim up to bar. Selection of on-site restaurants and Bali Collection with its bars restaurants and shops is a 5 min cab ride away. Love Bali love this resort hotel.
We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package, and had the palace club upgrade.
 The resort exceeded our expectations. We will definitely come back, and have been recommending it to all our friends.
We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort they had everything we could need right there.
 Would highly recommend the service was great and everything is not new but very clean and neat.
 
 
Absolutely Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The spa was topnotch. The staff where so friendly and helpful. Kids loved the pool and surrounds. The grounds are pretty and clean. Ease of access to our needs exceeded. Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
The grounds and hotel was very nice, beautifully laid out.
 We had a standard room with an amazing view. There are a few restaurants here, but not much variety at the Chess restaurant next to the pool. We preferred to go out for lunch or dinner in Nusa Dua. The breakfast was nice, but was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting. The staff were very friendly and always asked how you were.
The one thing we disliked was the tax and service charge to everything we ordered.
 Absolutely ridiculous. Also having to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd. Little things like this have put me off. Although a lovely hotel, will most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can.
I stay in this hotel with my wife and 8 and 4 year old boys .
I got a surprise because I ask regular airport transportation but the hotel sent me an Alphard to pick me ( normally family car like Innova ) and they upgrade my rooms too .
 Thank you , I really appreciate that .
Room , hotel facilities , breakfast and service is good but I hope more children activity can do here .
 The option now is in small kids club , pool and playing sand the beach .
I think its nice place but not really recommended if you bring 4 years old children .
Definitely will come back to stay in this place.
.. Very good experience starting from check in until check out... Very nice staff upon arrival, check in... And very helpful staff while we staying there... Really appreciate it so much...
Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast so much to chose from.
 Excellent service from the staff. Great walk all the way through past all the other places. Looking forward to seeing the news restaurant open.
Overall the hotel and service was great.
 Pity that there were construction works by the pool which was noisy at times. But the beach facilities were great. Breakfast was lovely. The gym was also great
 
Everyone was very friendly and service was amazing.
 The staff were always helpful and nothing was too much trouble. One of our friends was having his birthday and they organized a cake and champayne. It was really nice. Would definately recommend this resort .We will be back and we will bring the family
 
 
Very nice place.
friendly service.perfict position. Clean. Food .few different place to eat and romantic dinner very nice on beach .we have very time.we come with are 3 years old child.we in join stay in this hotel from day one
Just spent 8 days on a luxury escapes offer with my husband & 16 yo daughter .
 This was our second visit to nusa dua beach hotel and Was essentially thoroughly relaxing. The team at the Chess /pool bar were amazing! Very friendly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Widdy made us feel very welcome whilst been professional & efficient, we will keep fond memories of our daily visits .
Only problem we had was with the passport which contains your benefits.
 The food was limited only when you ordered & towards the end of our stay a seperate menu was produced making us feel inferior, the drinks were portrayed incorrectly & not honoured as portrayed in the passport book . I inadvertently lost my book on the second last day & replacing was a huge issue as they couldn't work out what was left & told me all was basically utilised (which I knew was incorrect) however they were adamant. I did however end up finding & I still had 5 lunches & 3 dinners left . There was no apology for the issues & upset our last day .
With that aside I would come back but in hindsight would keep a copy of my book each day as proof & get receipts for each transaction.
we also had someone inadvertently place purchases to our room but the boys at chess bar picked up, so u really need to check each day on your tab or pay as you go. Overall though we will likely go back wiser and look forward to another relaxing holiday
The service staff of the hotel was very friendly and went all out to help.
My spa appointment was booked on the 1st day when I arrived.
 However, there was some changes to the itinerary that I cant make it to the spa on the 3rd day. The helpdesk lady was very helpful. It was near to impossible to change as the 3rd day is a Saturday and the spa booking was full. However, the spa manager was receptive to accept my idea of having massage in my own hotel room via the helpdesk lady. Kudos to them!
One point that the hotel can improve on is perhaps the breakfast menu.
 For the 4 days we stayed, we had the nearly the same international breakfast spread everyday. It would be really fantastic if the menu is varied every other day. Thanks!
An absolutely fantastic hotel!!! From the staff to the resort and facilities!! I can not think of a thing to fault and will be back for sure.
 This was our second stay and have had 3 other families stay here because of our recommendation. We can't wait to return :D
Wow if you are looking for paradise in Bali look no further a different experience to Kuta resorts much quieter area in general but plenty for us to do kids love the kids club the traditional dress photos of the kids are priceless.
The restaurant area by the beach is truly lovely and a walk along the path at the beach at night is sure to stir up some romance.
Once again like all resorts in Bali I recommend a ground floor room with a pool or beach view after all it's a shame to come all that way and not fully enjoy your time.
A lovely hotel and our second visit.
 The atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff are great. It has everything that you need. This was our second time at the hotel and it did not disappoint.
Great to see the hotel's General Manager out and about, interacting with guests and making sure everything was up to scratch.
 
This was our second trip to this hotel and the main attraction was the staff who are helpful, hospitable and have a high regard for customer service.
 The hotel itself has beautiful, luscious grounds which are well laid out and relaxing. The hotel is more towards the Balinese architecture which is aesthetically pleasing. All services and food outlets are great with a wide choice. The hotel has a homely feel and the biggest attraction is the private spa area away from families for some extra quiet and privacy. Loved it and will be returning again. 
This is my second time staying, but I would recommend some music around The pool.
 Also some more food attendees. Plus bathrooms need renovating so it doesn't get flooded all the time. All good otherwise
 
 
 
This was our 3rd trip to Bali and 1st stay at this hotel so we had a measure of what to expect/ From the moment you enter the grounds of the hotel with its breath taking Balinese architecture you get a feeling of calm and relaxation.
 The staff were very friendly and helpful from the outset. The hotel is a somewhat "tired" in places and in need of refurbishment as it is very 80's in room design and fittings but nonetheless the rooms are clean and functional with a good "wet" bathroom and excellent rain shower. Despite the lush gardens and grassed areas this hotel seemed to have fewer mosquitos than we had previously experienced so they must do a good job in controlling the little blighters! The public area Wi-Fi was perfectly adequate and in our room was available on the balcony/terrace with enough speed for surfing but probably not enough for streaming videos etc. I believe in room wi-fi is chargeable but wasnt necessary for us.I mention this as many previous reviews have been critical of this aspect so I guess it all depends on what you expect in terms of speed and coming from the middle east with low speed internet I can only say we were pleasantly surprised.
 We enjoyed lunches most days at the Chess Bar on the beach and were delighted with the food and service (the black sesame prawns are a must!) As we had learned from previous visits to Bali the bars and restaurants outside of the hotels offer great value and excellent food especially if you want to try the more local food.
 The resort is quite a long walk from the main strip of restaurants in Nusa Dua and you will most likely be advised to take a taxi. You can walk along the beach and get to the main area in 15 minutes or so but the beach promenade is only partly paved and a bit dark at night in places so best to take a torch (hotel supplied in room). We had a few evening meals in the resort however we had a bad experience on every occasion which was probably "the luck of the draw" but these experiences didn't fill us with confidence for eating in the resort. Our concerns were managed adequately by the F & B manager and the GM although when compared to how such matters would be dealt with in Dubai where we live the management reaction was somewhat laid back although this is from our experience to be expected in a private independent hotel rather than a brand resort where collateral brand damage is not at risk. 
Its family friendly although there were only a small number of children at the resort so it was generally quiet especially when compared to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels that are not !
At the time of our visit a lot of daytime construction work spoiled the quiet surroundings as the resort is building a new beach restaurant "Tamarind" which looks like it should be open in August - the noise was a bit of a nuisance but we feel sure once this is complete the bar and beach area will be excellent.
We would definitely return to this hotel again, it is so relaxing and the lovely grounds of the hotel are so well kept whilst retaining their natural charm, it would be a challenge not to relax.
!
Our family had a great holiday in Bali.
 Nusa Dua Beach Resort had a competitive price. Even though the hotel was kind of old, but was still well maintenance. The rooms were clean, but not fancy. The hotel was big and there were many activities going on everyday. We could stay in the hotel for the whole day and weren't bored at all. The breakfast was included and had a lot of variety to choose from. We asked an extra bed, and there was no extra charge for the bed, only US10 per day for extra breakfast. The restaurants for lunch and dinner, however, were kind of pricey. So we took the free shuttle bus to Bali Collection. Bali Collection was a shopping mall with lots of good restaurants, and it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel. Overall, I would recommend this hotel.
We love this beach resort second year we have stayed there.
 Nusa Dua is a gated peninsular about 30 Mins from Denpasar and Kuta. The staff at this hotel are so helpful and friendly, rooms lovely, grounds are stunning, beach front kept spotless and patrolled by security guards.. The breakfast buffet has everything you could wish for reception staff and concierge service faultless. Beautiful reception area lobby bar and can't wait to go back to see the new beach front restaurant and bar finished. Two large pools one with a swim up to bar. Selection of on-site restaurants and Bali Collection with its bars restaurants and shops is a 5 min cab ride away. Love Bali love this resort hotel.
We stayed 8 nights as part of a luxury escapes package, and had the palace club upgrade.
 The resort exceeded our expectations. We will definitely come back, and have been recommending it to all our friends.
We had a wonderful holiday and didn't need to leave the resort they had everything we could need right there.
 Would highly recommend the service was great and everything is not new but very clean and neat.
 
 
Absolutely Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The spa was topnotch. The staff where so friendly and helpful. Kids loved the pool and surrounds. The grounds are pretty and clean. Ease of access to our needs exceeded. Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
The grounds and hotel was very nice, beautifully laid out.
 We had a standard room with an amazing view. There are a few restaurants here, but not much variety at the Chess restaurant next to the pool. We preferred to go out for lunch or dinner in Nusa Dua. The breakfast was nice, but was the same everyday so was very boring compared to our last hotel which was very interesting. The staff were very friendly and always asked how you were.
The one thing we disliked was the tax and service charge to everything we ordered.
 Absolutely ridiculous. Also having to pay for Wifi and a DVD player was absurd. Little things like this have put me off. Although a lovely hotel, will most likely stay somewhere else that don't charge you for anything they can.
I stay in this hotel with my wife and 8 and 4 year old boys .
I got a surprise because I ask regular airport transportation but the hotel sent me an Alphard to pick me ( normally family car like Innova ) and they upgrade my rooms too .
 Thank you , I really appreciate that .
Room , hotel facilities , breakfast and service is good but I hope more children activity can do here .
 The option now is in small kids club , pool and playing sand the beach .
I think its nice place but not really recommended if you bring 4 years old children .
Definitely will come back to stay in this place.
.. Very good experience starting from check in until check out... Very nice staff upon arrival, check in... And very helpful staff while we staying there... Really appreciate it so much...
Loved the beautiful buffet breakfast so much to chose from.
 Excellent service from the staff. Great walk all the way through past all the other places. Looking forward to seeing the news restaurant open.
Overall the hotel and service was great.
 Pity that there were construction works by the pool which was noisy at times. But the beach facilities were great. Breakfast was lovely. The gym was also great
 
Everyone was very friendly and service was amazing.
 The staff were always helpful and nothing was too much trouble. One of our friends was having his birthday and they organized a cake and champayne. It was really nice. Would definately recommend this resort .We will be back and we will bring the family
 
 
We did something we have never done before and booked the same hotel for the second year.
 So glad we did, it was everything we remembered and this time it was even better because we immediately knew where everything was. We paid the extra again and stayed at the palace club so the afternoon tea and cocktails was included. The breakfasts are just amazing and along with the afternoon snacks and canapés mean that if you wanted you wouldn't have to buy other meals. However other than breakfast the food is OK but not amazing but we did enjoy a couple of meals at the neighbouring hotels (The Melia do the most amazing Sunday brunch - unlimited food including lobster, steak, seafood, foie gras etc for 420,000 rupiah +tax). Take the time to get to know the staff and say hello & thanks etc in their language - it's worth it for the smiles alone! We had to stay an extra night due to Jetstar cancelling the flights due to volcanic ash - so tried another room which was just as great. There is the usual saving of sun beds in the morning that is now prevalent , just go with the flow and go down and save yours when you wake up (or send an early riser). Aside from that just relax. It was nice to see the hotel spending some money on modernisation (new restaurant, the Tamarind, opening in July and improved poolside accommodation). We left deciding to return next year also - mainly due to how relaxed we feel when we leave - I have never slept so well anywhere else!!
A quiet, peaceful resort that has you whispering on occasions, the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is the perfect place in Bali to relax.
 Everything is on hand - there's a huge buffet breakfast in the mornings, a nice selection of restaurants and bars in the evenings, and in between there's a good pool and beach to sit by and soak up the sun. As with anywhere in Nusa Dua, the ready availability of everything you need means you may start to get cabin fever after a few days, however taxis are waiting right outside the hotel doors, and day trips to Uluwatu, Ubud etc help break this cycle. 
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay!
Try the palace club room.
.. Warm welcome from the GRO Ms Nona... Very well arrangement... Especially the birthday surprise... Really appreciate it so much...
In a club lounge and area.
.. Very well and nice staff... Friendly and helpful...
Amazing.
.. Definitely will be back.... 
I love the club facilities and benefits.
.. My family completely very satisfied...
We are just loving it! Total relaxation, serene, quiet.
 Lots of chill zones. Feeling totally rejuvenated after having a massage. Luxury Escapes have put together a wonderful offer where we haven't had to hardly spend another cent. We will return to this hotel again! We feel a soul connection to Bali and its people. Thank you
Staff were fantastic.
 Some of the other hotels are more luxurious but we liked the atmosphere, staff and overall beauty of this resort. The open lobby and choice of food was very good. Our room was lovely but the bed was a little hard. That would be my only very small criticism.
We enjoyed our stay and would certainly consider choosing this hotel in future.
Public areas, reception, pool areas and restaurants were very very good.
Breakfast was busy but service and food selection were excellent.
The old boys on reception were a bit grim but all other staff members we dealt with were outstanding.
 Particularly the ladies on the customer service desk.
There is up to 2m tidal range on the beach making it pretty much unswimmable 2-3 hours either side of low water.
 At other times it is lovely.
The room allocated to us on checkin was not up to scratch with a number of problems one would not expect in a hotel at this level.
Customer service were hugely supportive and arranged alternative rooms quickly and efficiently.
It became clear during this process that houskeeping/building maintenance are releasing unacceptable rooms to guests.
Issues include mouldy odour, worn and aged interior furniture, poorly maintained exterior balconies with stained and badly weathered furniture.
This hotel is 32 years old.
 Management need to pay more attention to these details.
A new restaurant is under construction near the beach.
 There was some noise during the day in close proximity but we heard nothing in our room.
We had an amazing time at the resort, we explored a lot of Bali, but on some days couldn't wait to get back to the resort to relax.
 The facilities were all fantastic and the Nusa Dua area a great location to feel safe, relax and enjoy a holiday and only a short trip to other popular areas, the transport shuttles were a great way to get around. We can't wait to come back next year.
Our stay was excellent and it was in the perfect position on the beach of Nusa Dua.
 The food was superb and our high light was dinning in the Balinese Restaurant at the Resort. A little bit of Paradise. 
 
 
Overall a great stay- but just some room to improve upon would be - the rather old sunbeds compared to nearby resorts and clearing of floating seaweeds and washed up trash near the pier (which seems to be a common issue in the area)
Back after 18 years - this time with our teenage children.
 
Still a beautiful hotel - right mix of gardens, Balinese temple architectural and facilities.
 Some areas a bit tired and there was some impact from building works near the pool but overall experience was very positive.
Staff very friendly though some need training with billing options.
Food in general is good but is limited in variety.
 The buffet breakfast is first class and extensive (I still miss it) but the buffet for the traditional entertainment night we went to was dreadful and an embarrassment to the executive chef.
As with all resorts in bali/asia, some work on some reasonably priced quality wine would be a be godsend.
Pools were lovely, clean and well serviced and supporting staff great.
Big thank you for the management who extended our last day stay FOC when our daughter had a tummy bug and needed to sleep before we left on a late nigh flight - no hassles and lots of good advice.
We would return again.
Bathroom needs some maintenance improved shower head and room tends to flood.
 Fabulous attention to detail in the public areas. Impressive entrance area especially at night. Staff very friendly and attentive
 
 
We went for the second time to Nusa Dua Beach hotel & Spa.
 And again it was fantastic! Breakfast, staff ..... basically everything was excellent! If you have a problem, they fix it! Fantastic!
if possible, we come back again very soon
Our only concern in this excellent visit was the height of the bed!
For disabled people (and even some able bodied people) it was
simply too high.
 The bed needs to be at the same height as the wheelchair
 
ilike the hotel。spa beach。people isvery nice here。im enjoying my trip 。hope next time i will go there。很好。很好。很好。很好。
 真好。真好。物有所值。真心不错。我和我的朋友都很喜欢这里。希望下次度假还在这里住。ok。i love this hotel。really nice。我会和我的朋友分享这次旅行。
 
 
 
 
Absolutely beautiful resort with unimaginable Opulance in all its marble and gold features many beautiful eateries, entertainment and pools with beach across footpath.
 Don't miss the fire dancing and smorgasbord.
We stayed 10 nights with the Palace Club package.
 It's worth every cent! We were pampered from the moment we arrived until our reluctant departure. We are looking forward to returning ASAP. The spa is a wonderful retreat. The service was amazing. Although the property is one of the originals in Nusa Dua it is very well maintained. Could not fault anything.
My husband and I enjoyed our first trip to Bali and staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa made it very memorable.
 The food, staff and facilities were excellent and we will certainly be returning to enjoy the peace and tranquility.
Room was tired and the balcony wooden rail was hanging off so not safe.
 Bathroom small. Wifi was intermittent. Not 5 star. The food was very average with the breakfast buffet poor quality. The italian cafe had a limited menu and the pizzas were terrible and only 2 pasta dishes which were microwaved. The gardens are lovely and offer privacy from the balcony (just don't lean on the rail). The pool and beach are lovely and no doubt the new beach club will be lovely when its completed. The jack hammer was a little annoying all day though but it was unavoidable. The spa was ok but needs an upgrade . Unfortunately it isn't really a 5 star hotel, maybe once but not now and the food is way behind other hotels in Nusa Dua. It doesn't compare to the Mulia or Hyatt unfortunately for similar prices.
Special mention of the helpfulness of the staff (Yarnie & Kartia at the airport).
 Also the beautiful gardens and the peace & tranquility of the spa pool.. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves..
 Ian & Lorraine
This was our second trip to Bali and our first to Nusa Dua.
 Both very different experiences. Staying at Nusa Dua was a lot quieter than staying in Seminyak but not a problem as we arranged for a driver if we wanted to go anywhere. On the days that we stayed in the resort, the beach was lovely and the pool magnificent. All in all a very relaxing stay
Such a relaxing escape from city life and the resort met our expectations.
 Staff are always so friendly and willing to help. This was our second visit to the hotel and we were as happy with it as the first.
 
We are in our 60's and bought a Luxury Escape deal never expecting such a wonderful holiday.
 All meals included - were from 3 restaurants - all delivered lovely tasty food. Divine swimming pools (get up early and put your towel onto a deck chair around the pool - or miss out). We enjoyed the bike hire - riding along the beach front, the lap pool in a quiet area, the gym and the massages. The theme nights with great entertainment were unreal. Our room 1213 was in the best position, close to pool, restaurants & beach. Breakfast is excellent and the huge pond filled with reptiles and fish and a beautiful Herron, surrounds the breakfast area giving such beautiful peace and tranquillity. The resort gardens are just beautiful - take the 1hour tour of the gardens with the head gardener. Thank you to the resort and Luxury Escapes. We hope to be back one day.
We have just returned from using an 8 day Luxury escape package at this hotel and thought it was an excellent package and venue.
 Although the fully inclusive meal deal took a little bit of working out and an included deal to visit a show at another venue meant we couldn't use one of the dinner meals it was still very good value overall. Each lunch was a single course at a restaurant of your choice and each dinner 2 courses, either entrée and main or main and desert which is still more than many would eat normally anyway. If you want something else you can still get it and just pay for the additional amount so you are not restricted at all in what you can eat.
The resort is still great, we were there last year and the staff and facilities are still excellent.
 If you really wanted to find a reason to complain about something you could find a few little problems but this resort is overall great value for money and the staff are very friendly, efficient and want to make your stay as good as they can for everyone.
Witnessed a couple of instances of disputes between guests over sun lounges around the pools which I think would be easily remedied by maybe getting some hour glass sand timers or something like that so you had only a 1 hour window to leave your chairs unattended so someone else could use them.
 I saw several times chairs "marked" with towels that were not used for the entire day while others walked around trying to find somewhere to sit.
A few more chairs under the trees would help as well as not everyone needs to be right next to the pools.
This resort retains a lot of Balinese heritage and charm compared to many of the newer more "Americanised" venues that surround it so it depends on what you are looking for on your holiday as to weather this is the place for you or not but we think things like the large Lizards wandering around the dining area, squirrels on the room balconies and the wonderful local staff make this hotel our first choice when we return.
Resort is ok but not 5 star or worth the money.
 We have been to Bali over 10 times and there are much better resorts in Nusa Dua or Kuta side. We came here on a Luxury Escape package with 10 nights inclusive of all food plus an additional charge for children which I would not recommend. There are exclusions and rules not spelt out in the ad when you purchase it. Room is clean but bathroom is tiny (you can't really have more than one person in there at a time) and looks like the renovation isn't quite finished. Air conditioner doesn't really work (especially at night) and there is no way to adjust the temperature. Wifi is intermittent and extremely slow - very frustrating so you just give up. Food is eatable but not the quality and variety you can get at other resorts and restaurants (and for cheaper). Kids meals very limited with only a handful of meals which they can only pick from for dinner and lunch and do not have great nutritional value. Same goes for the adults with limited fresh salads or vegetables. The buffet nights are ok but if you don't eat seafood then there isn't a lot of choice. Breakfast is ok but once again not to a 5 star standard. We had fresher pastries, juices etc and different variety each day a a smaller resort in Kuta earlier in the week. Very disappointing experience and one I would not recommend.
We have been visiting Bali for the last 5 years but this was our first visit to the Nusa Dua area.
 From the moment we checked in until our unfortunate departure, we could not have been more impressed nor had a more enjoyable stay at this resort. The staff throughout the entire complex are truly wonderful and would go out of their way to ensure everything is in order and also when help or assistance was needed. There are plenty of facilities to utilise within the resort to keep yourself entertained. There is also variety of food and dining options along with theme nights so no real need to leave if you desire.
There are some new facilities under construction so this resort will only get better!
Thanks to the GM Mr Urs Klee and your wonderful staff for a truly memorable holiday.
We could not have been more impressed.
Debbie and Andrew
We had a great time with our 2 young kids.
 Staff were very friendly and overall the restaurants were good.Buffet breakfast was the best and swimming pools were great! Only one thing, the service waiters around the pool areas could have been increased as sometimes it took a long time to flag one down, hotel would also make more money with more drinks sold so this should be a no brainier! Overall very happy and would return!
The spa was just fabulous, from the treatments that were available (although it was surprising that you manicure/pedicure on the menu), the site away from the hotel was nice and peaceful.
 The facilities were fabulous - the gym, pool, and tennis and squash courts - awesome!
Have been going to BALI for the last twenty years and this is my fourth stay at this wonderful resort as me and my wife regard this as the best resort in BALI not only for couples but also for families , When the new restaurant at the beach front and new pool on the other side of resort are finished this will only add to the experience also notice the outside WIFI antennas being installed and must mention all the lovely staff ,thanks again for a great holiday .
Shane and Cheryl.
 
We bought our holiday through a 'Luxury Escapes' package, for which our value for money cannot be faulted.
The resort is lovely, three great pools, right on the beach which has spectacular views of the volcano in the distance, lovely traditional gardens with an amazing entrance.
 The food is okay - more local Indonesian fare would have been appreciated but that's just preference.
The spa is beautiful and decadent.
It was my husbands birthday and the hotel provided the richest chocolate cake we've ever had and flowers - all without prompting or request - these are the touches that make a stay special and to be remembered- thank-you Nusa Dua Beach Resort.
we heard about this place by Luxury escapes.
 we loved everything about it and are planning to come back in the very near future.
Thank you for the wonderful service you gave us at breakfast, lunch and dinner
without forgetting the kindness of the staff around the pools, always happy to help.
 A holiday to remember!
Was confused why our family booking of 6 people didn't have the adjoining room door but it was very quickly fixed.
..Thank you so much. Our room was so very far away from the pool which was a shame. The creche was not so good. Beautiful staff but activities need changing and need to be more exciting. ..like Westin Resort next door?? Your staff were excellent but please take 'movie time' off your list. Pool amazing. Breakfast amazing. Staff amazing. Thankyou so very much. :)
Suggest that the rooms be critically checked for wear and tear.
 Woodwork in bathrooms need cleaning up and fresh wood sealing. Power plug in room did not work. Shower rose blocked. Rooms are beautiful just need a little TLC.
Would have thought that there might have been at least one Indian curry on the menu in one of the restaurants.
In this day and age, free wifi in hotels is as much an essential as hot and cold water- I can't remember the last hotel that I stayed in that didn't offer it, yet the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa only offers free wifi in public areas such as the lobby and restaurants; I wasn't able to get a good enough signal on the beach.
Aside from that one disappointment, I enjoyed every minute of my stay here.
 From what I can make out from other reviews, there seems to be quite a difference in quality between the basic 'Deluxe' rooms, and the better 'Premier' rooms. We stayed in a Premier room in the west Agung Garden wing of the hotel, overlooking the garden and small lake- it was truly a joy to awake to the sounds and sights of tropical birds, cheeky squirrels, other wildlife and the fountain in the lake. The Premier room was very good indeed: clean and in good condition, comfortable bed, Balinese-style wood furniture and a balcony overlooking the aforementioned garden. The bathroom was also good, with a decent shower and separate bath tub.
There was a welcome fruit basket in the room on our arrival containing some varieties that I had never tried before, including my new favourite fruit: mangosteens! There were also two bottles of complimentary bottled water, replenished daily, though they had metal caps requiring a bottle opener, yet we couldn't find a bottle opener in the room- luckily we had one of our own.
The buffet breakfast was excellent with a good international selection of hot and cold food, pastries, exotic fresh fruit and juices: the soursop juice was absolutely delicious! And I particularly enjoyed the fresh passion fruits, guavas and yellow watermelon.
 The choices did not vary much from day-to-day, but there was sufficient choice to stop you becoming bored.
The extensive, but not overwhelming, gardens, grounds and low-rise buildings were immaculately maintained, and the staff were helpful and polite.
 The sandy beach was good, constantly being cleaned, and there were only a few licensed hawkers who were not pushy at all. The sea was warm and clear but did contain a bit of seaweed debris, though not enough to spoil your enjoyment. It's sometimes hard to get up at 0630, but if you can get down to the beach for the sunrise, there's something quite special about it, you can even join in a sunrise yoga session if you fancy it. Although the hotel faces east, you can get a semblance of a sunset view by going into the sea and looking back towards the hotel.
The one disadvantage of staying in the Nusa Dua area is that, being a gated 'enclave', local dining options are limited to either your hotel, neighbouring hotels, or the Bali Collection mall.
Would I stay here again? Absolutely, though I hope that by the time of my next visit, free wifi has been rolled out throughout the entire hotel.
....
It's been seven years we always come to nusa dua beach and spa and it's always the same great place and good service consistency with great various healthy choice of breakfast.
 This time we were so lucky to experienced the turtle hatched on the beach behind the hotel at night. Very great time.
Amazing resort, with amazing pool, well maintained beach and facilities, staff very friendly and helpful.
 Food and drinks were over priced and disappointing that there was no free wifi to the rooms but only available in the lobby.
This hotel was absolutely amazing! The staff were extremely Friendly and the facilities were great.
 It was awesome experience on our 10 day stay. The location was convenient, very easy to get around. We Will definitely be returning 
We will be back, we loved this resort it was just beautiful safe & the gardens we just beautiful.
 Great family holiday. Pillows were a bit soft but that is the only complaint. Staff are wonderful & extremely helpful. We felt safe as a family the location was perfect we could leave the resort & come back in the night & felt safe especially having young children. Meals were good breakfast was amazing.
Stayed here for business and really enjoyed the tranquility of this hotel.
 Dined at their popular Chess Beachfront restaurant and recommend you book to secure a spot on the beach. 
Rooms are designed in Balinese style and my room was facing the garden which was filled with little squirrels visiting each morning.
 Good selection for breakfast as well. Staff are super friendly and the hotel doesn't feel cramped with visitors, will be happy to stay here again
This hotel has a local flavour, with Balinese ambience.
 Overall, stay was good, pools are big enough, so you won't feel too crowded, but not enough beach chairs though. Toilets are a bit cramp with no separate shower facility.
We recently stayed at the hotel for a family holiday with two young children under 3 years of age.
 We had a fabulous time. We loved the traditional balinese feel the hotel had and particularly loved the beautiful gardens and location. The kids loved the pool and the service was above and beyond! We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and would highly recommend.
Our family enjoyed the facilities provided and excellent service, please improved quality restaurants that serve local food and the provision of special discounts for those who never enjoyed the hotel Nusa Dua
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Great stay here, the staff are all excellent and cannot do enough for you, if I was to have a criticism it would be the dining experience, I feel the food could be improved upon, in the Grill restaurant my food was served cold and did not look fresh for one example.
 Otherwise this place is beautiful.
If you choose to stay at Nusa Dua, you have to know that you will miss the real Bali atmosphere but you will enjoy nice beach.
 This hotel is a bit oldish so I would choose another one if I had to stay in the part of Bali again. They were building a large wooden structure in front of the beach (noisy by the way) that could be nice when finalized...
This is the second time back at the same hotel we loved everybit of it but just a little disappointed where our room was so far back right at the end in the older section bit iether then that loved our stay staff so friendly definitely back again
Hopefully with a better room position
Our stay at this hotel was perfect.
 The hotel staff are welcoming, friendly and always ready to make you feel great. The gardens are beautiful. The palace club is the best! Great experience. Highly recommended.
We have just returned from 10 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa.
Having booked this property for our Daughter & Son in Law's honeymoon 3 years ago we thought we would book the same for our 40th Annivesary following their reviews.
Well, what an absolutely amazing experience, right from the Quality of the accommodation and facilities, the immaculately kept gardens to the most warm and friendly staff we have come across in our years of travel.
There are several top class hotels along the strip, the Nusa Dua being in the more Balinese traditional style.
Superb facilities from the excellent range of breakfast to start the day to the lovely pools to the relaxing areas around the beach and the quality traditional evening entertainment.
However even beyond all the things mentioned what topped this holiday for us was the warmth and friendliness of staff always ready to help in any way they could to make the day special in every way they could , very efficient and professional too.
Although the whole hotel team was magnificent, we have to give a special mention to Arini & Rina (Guest Relations), Wahyu (Beach & Pool) and Anita (Breakfast) who went out of their way to make our stay as special as possible, our special thanks go to these individuals.
Hopefully we are lucky enough to return to this wonderful island with its deep cultural roots and the most friendly people you could hope to come across and we would certainly stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa having met people who come back year after year and feel very much the same.
Once again our deepest gratitude to all the Management and Staff who made this such an incredible experience for my wife and I, a truly dream holiday.
This hotel is exceptional as it gives a complete service in very beautiful surroundings.
 It is very similar to other 5 star hotels in locations such as the Gulf.
Breakfast cannot be faulted and over all the Pool and Pool area are excellent 
and the proximity of the beach is a bonus.
Did not use the Spa but a visit there confirmed the overall ambiance of the facility in line with the rest of the Hotel.
Slightly more traditional Balinese style without the over the top Western influences.
 Friendly, relaxed and great value. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, beds and pillows are to die for! Good mix of restaurants and bars and the breakfasts are sensational. Great setting on the beach.
 
 
 
The hotel is very beautiful and have excellent facilities but the bedroom is just reasonable and doesn't match the expectations due to the price, superior than the average in Bali.
Afterall it was a good experience but I believe it could be better.
 
flies at sushi section of breakfast , need to cover the food.
 
swimming pool floor quite slippery.
if possible , free wifi in rooms 
room air con should be more adjustable
more free activities for kids at kid club
 
 
The bathroom smell was awful.
 The room and location itself was perfect. I would like to visit the hotel again. The service was provided well. I loved the beach and the room. I hope you can make it up in the next time
 
The Negatives - 
1.
 prepare to 'relax' by the pool listening to hammers, saws, etc. all day! If this was disclosed to us, we would have booked elsewhere. Electric hammers are so loud and there are some beautiful hotels next door with tranquil settings.
2.
 Prepare to rise early to get a sunbed. 
3.
 Prepare to pay high prices for all items within the hotel - this is expected in a 5 Star Hotel and we didnt mind. The Bali Collection is 10minutes walk from the hotel (half the price) and the town itself is 15minutes walk from the hotel (cheaper again). 
Positives -
1.
 Rooms and amenities are clean
2.
 Staff are friendly 
3.
 Location 
The Construction Work really did ruin the ambience and relaxed environment - who wants to listen to that every day by the pool !?
Our family group of 5 adults and 5 children had a ball! The food was good, service excellent, staff were helpful and friendly.
 We were celebrating a couple of birthdays and cakes were provided at no cost on request. We will certainly be returning.
Great value family holiday.
 Wonderful property, friendly staff, very good food and beverage quality and service and overall a wonderful family holiday.
The only points to improve on would be:
1.
 The tiles around the pool are too slippery 
2.
 Staff (in some instances) seem confused about some of the vouchers on offer
I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.
We were there in May.
 The food was fantastic.
The resort was fantastic.
 The privacy was fantastic.
The staff was fantastic most of all there were 2 staff members
that need naming.
 There names were Novi where we had a beautiful 
breakfast every morning.
 Also Lastini at the Beachfront Restaurant.
What 2 beautiful lovely ladies.
 We would love to go back next year.
Well worth every penny.
Michelle
Far North Queensland
Australia
-serving customer with same standard and not otherwise
-local flavours should be encourage to certain extend especially the porridge
-rooms air conditioning to be look into
-good eco property but do take note of the running animals may scare people especially children ie monitor lizard
 
Its a very good hotel, very well located, with friendly and helpfull staff, the facilities are also well.
The decoration and its enviroment,are good and very taken care
Breakfast if the restaurant is full,staff allways get you a table
I came here expecting an amazing resort but unfortunately it didn't meet those needs! There was No pool lounges free for use as there are limited lounges for amount of guests so everytime we went to pool instead of being able to lounge around there were no beds free.
 We requested several times for a pull out bed to be in room and it was not in room when we asked for daughter and kids playground not working when we arrived. I feel the landscaping has a lot to be desired and areas around pool just don't feel as presented as other places I have stayed. However they didn't their best to appease us by having a special dinner on beach with cake and singers for my daughters birthday which we appreciated but unfortunately we just did not enjoy our stay here and wouldn't come back. 
Breakfast was extensive and amazing though!
Large resort, maybe a little too large as it had a feel of a European all inclusive with out the free beer and ice creams.
 Chess bar staff very helpful advising me of alternative restaurants outside of the resort as I didn't want pizza (sandros) kebabs,burger and chips (beachfront) and no reservations left at modern Asian. Have to say it is well worth a trip just for the complimentary crackers when purchasing a drink! The nut crackers are to die for.
Very good value, except for the hotel restaurants, good but a bit pricey, and the free wifi which is of poor quality.
 
 
otherwise it is great comfort, great value, the breakfast is excellent with good product quality and the staff is great !
 
 
The only 2 things i didn't loko was that my room was close
To a construction site and the A/C was leaking water.
 Besides that, everything was perfect. The Restaurants were fine. But the breakfast was amazing. One of the best in a hotel.
Staying at this hotel made our holiday memorable.
 friendly, helpful staff, nice restaurants, great spa/gym, easy hotel to move around with everything at our finger tips. We would love to come back and stay.
Beautiful beach resort and one of the oldest in Bali.
 I really enjoyed the stay.
The best resort to relax, sunbath, swimming, multi-cuisine food.
 Children would enjoy the beach and swimming pool. Highly recommend for both business and family/couples
 
We found the resort and the Luxury escape package exceeded our expectations for both quality and value.
 The only issue we had was that there were some inconsistencies with the knowledge about the package and its benefits between different staff/ venues around the resort. However we soon worked out ways to get around this. Overall a fantastic stay
Sensational hotel - as part of a group of 12, we hardly left during our eight day stay as there was a number of restaurants, bars and themed buffet dinners as well as ongoing hotel activities - water aerobics, pool scuba lessons, fruit carving, Balinese dance classes etc.
 One of our group members had her 30th birthday during our stay and the hotel staff were extremely accommodating for us, providing a cake and the restaurant staff singing her happy birthday - she felt incredibly special! We will definitely return in the future.
This hotel is a first class experience, we loved the room, the view and the service was emaculate.
 The beach close to most the water sports that we love such as jet ski, banana boat and flying fish..so enjoyed most of our days on the beach and in the water. We also try the diving course at Tanjung Benoa. The reef so colourful, still healthy fresh coral with so many kind of colourful fishes. At last we took a journey to the other side of Bali at beautiful Jimbaran Bay. We found this place on the internet ( http://www.suprentalbali.com/stand-up-paddle ) as my wife wanted to try Stand Up Paddle for the first time. Great sport, a lot of fun, lovely people. Was a great great holiday, Love bali so much.
Booked through a company that had advertised the palace upgrade as adults only, but it was in fact a place children were allowed.
 Disappointed that although the local staff were stressed by our distress at having children run round during the cocktail time, the management was not interested in responding to our feedback. Drinks were really expensive food at Mugaro and the Raja's fantastic, other options were poor.
Extremely well maintained property.
 Very freindly staff. Was travelling with my daughter aged 1.10 so based my decision on other reviews. Was not disappointed at all. 
The property is huge with different sections based on your needs.
 Breakfast spread was very large with a variety of options. Tried all the in house restaurants - food was well prepared. A lot of other dining options if you just take the beach walk that connects all the hotels in this area.
Beach play with my daughter was the best part.
 Compared to the other hotels in Kuta the beach seemed very private and maintained. Security is not a concern anywhere across the property. The lap pool was my favourite - just lie there for hours together with a good book under the tree. 
We had taken an ocean view room which was a bit small but the balcony helped.
 After all we were there to be outside the room most of the time.
There is a cash machine towards the back of the hotel which was helpful.
 The shops inside sell very unique things.
A must stay if you are planning a good time with family.
Love the smile and good customer service.
 Staffs are very friendly and make me feel warm and welcome. Room is spacious and comfortable. Food very nice too. Only shortage is kids meals choices very limited especially we stay for 9 days there, and kids everyday have the same menu. Other than, yes, definitely will recommended to friend.
Room was a little smaller than we thought - service was great - variety of food available.
 Chairs around large pool seemed to be occupied as towels were left behind but it seems that the people were not returning to them. Maybe collection of unused towels more often would allow others to use facilities.
Amazing place.
 Been here twice and will again. Only downfall is the kids club, not overly welcoming and tucked away inside. All inclusive package is great value however per night price is a little pricey.
Overall loved our stay and our kids made great friends!
From the testimony that I read before I go to nusa dua I had pretty high expectations.
 But it turns out to be an average experience. I had better experience staying in a hotel far below nusa dua beach and spa in reputation. That being said, the atmosphere was great and the facility was good.thank you.
I'll be honest, we were not over the moon with this hotel at first.
 The furniture in the room we stay in was a bit too rustic for a 5* hotel (although everything was in working condition and the design was very pleasing), and there were other small nuisances which came after an exciting stay in the jungle.
BUT, I also have to say that this resort has one of the best customer relation services I've seen.
 The staff (with very few exceptions) is great, the grounds and facilities look equally impressive, breakfast is very nice, and the beach is cleaned several times per day. The rooms are spacious and very quiet (garden view).
Overall, the resort grows on us more and more every day, and we now look forward to returning here.
Really enjoyed our holiday.
...excellent breakfasts....good restaurants however Sandros Italian restaurant was disappointing. Lacks authenticity. Underwhelming pizzas. The Chess Bar was great. Excellent burgers. Would return depending on the deal we could get. Renovations taking place at hotel should be disclosed to potential guests.
The only problem with this hotel is the wifi.
 It is available in your room but only at a price. At a five star hotel I certainly think it should be included. The food was exceptional. The best staff ever!!!!
 
The Nusa Dua Beach is a Nico Place to stay for a relaxed Beach Holiday.
 Everything is Nico and clean. The stuf is friendly and helpul. We Liked Most the chess Bar with having Dinner and Cocktails in the Beach.
No Breakfast and No Wife.
 ..we made the booking for 02 Adult and 02 Kids but when the confirmation printed showing only one adult....extra 23 USD each for Breakfast which is more than the hotel rate. Though other hotel in the same area include breakfast for two. 
This was the most amazing holiday we have ever experienced.
 All staff were courteous,friendly and aimed to please in all things. The resort would provide a wonderful tourist destination for individuals, families and friends. Could not recommend highly enough.
We have stayed in Nusa Dua 3 times and this was our first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa and it was the most fantastic hotel in all of my stays.
 Wonderful staff, brilliant location and food and the gardens are better than any I've seen. Can't recommend highly enough.
We stayed 5 nights in a Palace suite.
 The Palace gives you special privileges including a separate dining area with breakfast, tea and happy hour, separate pool etc. Our room was spacious and beautiful! The Balinese architecture of the resort is amazing. The staff really made us feel comfortable. They upgraded us to a suite upon arrival. The beach was very pretty and the water was pretty clean, a little garbage, but not excessive.
Third time I was at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 I hope I will have a chance to come back again. Realy peacefull and wonderfull spa + sauna.
Nice swinmming pool and large beach.
 I have no complain ! 
 Didier, Jun 11,2015 
Gorgeous property, wonderful location, amazingly helpful staff and delicious food.
 This was our second visit with our young children and we will return again next year. Staff go above and beyond to make your stay a memorable one.
 
It was hard to believe the property was 32 years old.
The condition and cleanliness was first class.
The staff were well trained and very friendly.
We were mainly there for the wedding of our niece.
Mr Nyoman Padma was particularly helpfull in making our stay memorable.
I appreciate the location and value of Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, as well as the very friendly and helpful staff.
 The Nusa Dua Suite is one of the best rooms on the island of Bali. I hope to return to the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel next year and for many years to come. Unfortunately I am usually visiting Nusa Dua Beach Hotel while I am in Bali for business and I have never been there for a holiday. Maybe this will change in the future. Thank you again for looking after me. I have been coming to the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel now for 4 years and it is most enjoyable. 
This is our second Luxury Escapes trip and this time we opted for the Palace Club upgrade with full board.
 Our checkin was fast at the Club Lounge and we were taken to our beautiful room which opened to the gardens only the Club had access to. Unfortunately after we unpacked we listened to a constant tapping overhead, which we were told would go on for another few days so we packed up & moved to a beautiful 1 bedroom suite on the 4th floor. Our tranquil breakfasts in the Club Lounge each morning were a stand out as were the staff. The meals we had throughout our stay were great. The package does include a limited menu for Luxury Escapes but we found for the 8 nights it was sufficient the only let down was being unable to dine at the Balinese Restaurant when after we sat not realising this were told quite loudly and rudely we don't do vouchers here. No wonder there were only a couple of people eating there each night. Apart from that hiccup it was another lovely stay. The new restaurant on the beach when finished will be a great addition we were told there will be music each night so it will be a great spot to relax after dinner. As beautiful as the resort is it is in need of an update. They are constantly working to do this, but certain areas need it quicker than others. Our suite although spacious and clean could do with a modern update and still reflect the Balinese style. We came on a very affordable package, not sure I would pay the standard rate in these rooms when there is so much choice in Nusa Dua. In saying that though, we would definitely return in the future the beach the gardens the food and last but not least the staff make our holidays what they are and we will treasure the memories from each one.
I traveled with 7 other adult women from California (US) mid Oct 2014 and stayed at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa in Nusa Dua for 2 total nights.
 Based on our stay, I might recommend this hotel to my family and friends.
Pros
-For only 2 nights, I was able to relax and unwind
-Slept comfortably
-Room and hotel grounds were clean and quiet
-There are many places on the hotel grounds to lounge (ie huge main pool area with separate sand to pool area, smaller more private 25 meter lap pool area, lots of grass with garden area, private beach area, restaurants, kids playground area)
-2 glass water bottles (330ml each) provided in bathroom room each day
-The huge main pool area has a bar and stools to sit at the bar while still in the water; Pool towels provided
-Easy access to private beach just past the pool area
-Beach area is clean, quiet, well kept
-Part of our package included professional photos, it was so much fun shooting on the beach/hotel grounds.
 We picked four 5x7 pictures for free.
Cons
- No complimentary breakfast
- Wifi in room costs extra
- Room did not have a modern feel like the other hotels we stayed at in Kuta & Ubud
- You could get a little lost walking around because the grounds cover so much space
- Spa was small
- Front desk quoted us a charge to make an outbound call to our local private Bali driver; our other hotels happily called for us for free
Side notes:
- For our 2 night stay, we did not leave the resort
- Hotel has sports and activities everyday (cooking class, yoga class, renting a bike, etc.
 are charged extra).
- Hotel can arrange a Taxi to take you or pick you up from airport; price based on USD
- We reserved an outdoor cabana on the grass for an extra charge (Nusa Dua Hotel does not have cabanas directly on the sand)
-Spa is located by the lap pool.
 Spa has lockers, showers, sauna, steam room, a hot and cold pool that fits maybe 3 people comfortably 
-Plug type C/F is the 2 pin (round)
-They have a gym but we did not use it
-My friends enjoyed their spa treatments
-Westin is next door for other lunch/food/price options 
-Deluxe Bedroom had the following: 2 double beds, small safe, flat screen TV, mini fridge, hangers, reading chair with small table, desk with chair, electrical kettle, 2 glass cups, teas, 2 tea cups & spoons, 2 long umbrellas, scale, 2 robes, 2 room sandles, bottle opener, balcony with 2 chairs
-Bathroom had the following: 2 toothbrushes, 1 bar soap, 1 shampoo, 1 shower gel, 1 conditioner, 1 shower cap and 1 sanitary bag, 1 sewing kit, 1 cotton pad, a few cotton buds, and disposable razor, 2 glass cups.
Happy Travels!
I had a convention in Bali when I stayed in Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and after my stay I found out that I made the right choice by staying in this hotel.
 Its location is fantastic. Close to the beach, 5 minutes walk from the convention center and has great service. The checking in was smooth. Room is great with breathtaking garden view. Room size is not great but not small either with modern amenity. Breakfast is very good. The most fantastic feature of this hotel is the unmatched beach and the swimming pools facilities. The hotel is only a 10-15 mint walk or a short ride to excellent shops and restaurants at Bali Collection. My advice to future guests not go for the service of airport pick up from the Hotel as it is pricey at $45 for such a short distance from the airport to the Hotel.
My wife and I went to Bali for 10 days for our honeymoon.
 We stayed in Eastern Bali for the large part because we went there to scuba dive but we wanted to end our honeymoon in luxury. And that is what we got at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. We had an ocean view suite and the view was gorgeous. 
This hotel has beautiful grounds, great staff, excellent rooms, great pools and a beautiful beach.
 A perfect luxury ending for our honeymoon.
We stayed here on a 8 nights luxury escape package.
 Nice garden & settings. Kids were very happy with the pools. Buffet breakfast had almost the same thing everyday. The luxury escape menu is a bit limited but there are 3 restaurants to choose from so it is still pretty good. All in all it was a good holiday. However at the end of the holiday the check out process turned out pretty sour. The night before we departure I went to the counter before 11pm to get the bill. It was all wrong with transactions that were not ours. I was advised to come back after an hour. I came back & then wait another 30 minutes till the staff ( Adi) get all the backups from back office. A new statement was prepared & there was still one transaction wrong. I signed one drink bill as 0 cos I used hotel credit to pay for it but I got charged on the statement. Poor Adi was very embarrassed about the hotel's accounting system & apologized for the error. There were also 2 kids club lunch bills which I always thought should be FOC cos my kids eat from kids menu & it was always free from all the hotel restaurants. I was not advised by the kids club staff either before hand about the charge. Also on the kids club programe, if something is chargeable, it is marked chargeable. It was not marked chargeable on 'Lunch'. My friends bought the same Luxury package as ours & our kids stay together. They didn't pay for the kids club meal. Adi rang the assistant manager on duty. I explained the whole situation. The manager just kept saying ' it is not free.' despite the fact my friends didn't get charged for it. It was already 1.15am in the morning. so I gave up the arguing & paid the bill. The following morning I went to the front desk to raise this issue again. The girl there made a phone call & told me the refund will be processed. I can have my breakfast now & come back later. I came back after my breakfast & another assistant manager told me that it can't be refunded cos my friend paid $100 upfront for all the kids meal. That was not true. My friend paid so the kid got a full adult menu. It has nothing to do with the kids club thing. anyway I must leave to catch my plane so be it. Overall this is a good hotel. I am very thankful for Adi's help. But very disappointed with the final result of the kids club confusion.
As usual, I went through the process of reading reviews, before booking this hotel.
 The choice was wide enough, prices almost equal, so the winner was the hotel offering an ocean view room as it claims. And the result: 
Quick check in and out, friendly staff, and excellent services.
 The room was a bit disappointing; I paid extra money for ocean view, which was obscured by the trees in the garden, the room was attached to another, and we could hear the conversation in the room next to us; the shower (my room was with shower corner) had a small glass partition, which resulted in water splashing all over the bathroom; WiFi in the room is available at additional cost, which I find strange for a 5* hotel, while most of the restaurants in nearby Bali Collection offer this service free. Breakfast and food quality in the restaurants need improvement. The hotel has a beautiful garden and private beach, and is some 10 minutes’ walk from Bali Collection, where you could find a lot of restaurants with tasty food.
If you are looking for night life and entertainment, the Nusa Dua beach, where this hotel is, is certainly not the place for you, and you should head to Kuta beach; personally I wanted to relax and I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.
The resort has beautiful grounds, fantastic pools catering for both adults and kids, spacious rooms and an awesome spa!!!! ( definitely the best part!!) The staff at the spa were especially attentive and the treatments I received were fantastic.
 We stayed in a family suite which were spacious and clean however the bathroom was tight for a 2 room suite. We stayed for 10 days as part of a luxury deal offer which was great value, however what was not mentioned in the deal was the fact that your meal selection for lunch and dinner was cut down to a third of the menu on purchasing, which was extremely limiting and repetitive, especially over a 10 day period . This is definitely an area which the hotel needs to work on. Other negatives was the works going on right next to the pool, that we had to call housekeeping on 5 occasions to replenish our coffee and tea after the room had been serviced, the drinks were expensive and lastly that there is no laundry facilities to do your own laundry, which is difficult with kids. Finally, mention must be made of the beautiful buffet Breakfast which had a great selection with everything made available!!! Overall, our holiday at Nusa Dua hotel was very enjoyable and the kids loved it!!
By Rob & Laurel, May 21, 2015.
. 
This was our 7th visit to this authentic balianise type resort.
 We just keep coming back due to friendly service & great staff. Everything is within easy reach of the resort and the walks along the beach at sunrise are the best way to start the day.
Comfort: incredible
Cleanliness: pristine
Food and Beverage: salivate
Relaxation: soothing
Spa - Wow!
Service - second to none
Overall: oasis
Advice: book and stay in a Palace Club room for the ultimate experience
Nice resort and is in a good location in Nusa Dua.
 Spent a lot of time in the pool and had a great massage at the spa. 
The only negative was the dirty towel and bathrobe in our bathroom.
 They clearly hadn't been replaced whe the previous guest checked out. They gave us clean ones however they shouldn't have been there to begin with.
Beautiful resort with lots of character.
 Wonderful staff! Everything at your fingertips with lots to keep you busy. Beautifully maintained grounds and perfectly situated near the beach. I look forward to a return visit.
 
By Marlene and Alan, June 8, 2015
This was our third visit to this lovely hotel.
 All facilities and service were excellent. The spa was terrific and their staff very welcoming and efficient. Guest relations were particularly helpful and understanding when we were dealing with a sad problem at home. The only downside for us (a couple of oldies!) was the number of overindulged, small children, whose behaviour spoiled many of our restaurant meals. All in all though we had a wonderful 9 days.
I have travelled to Bali 15 times, and on this trip had just been wowed once more by the two other excellent 4-5 hotels I stayed previous to my arrival at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, it was a shock to have so many things be of poor standard at one hotel, Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 I arrived and the computer system was down, I checked in eventually to a room without a bath, and as I was travelling with a baby, an important feature. I didnt have an option of moving, as the hotel was very busy, and a ground floor room with a bath not available. Secondly I had not been advised of all the works going on at the hotel. To sit by the pool listening to drills and work 10-20 foot away, very unenjoyable.The children's outdoor park/climbing equipment was not there a Key feature of why I had booked this hotel, and the spa treatment was filled with the sounds of drills for 3 hours. The rooms are not dark if trying to sleep before nightfall, they do not have block out curtains, but sheer curtains and shutters, the shutters let in the light of day and management keep the lights on on the balconies until midnight. Service around the pool was slow and not possible during happy hour, as I was travelling alone with a child, each time I wanted to order something my child had to get out of the pool, we had to walk the long way around due to works, and order a simple drink. It may sound petty, but not very relaxing married with a noise of the drills. The time I did order a meal it came out cold and the 2 dishes my child and I were eating 20 minutes apart. It was also the most expensive meal I had in Bali, and as mentioned I had stayed in 2 other 4-5 star hotels previous. My towel rail fell off in my room, I didnt have hot water in my room, and I could not open the bottled water due to a broken bottle opener. All added up to a substandard hotel experience. There were some positives at the hotel and that was breakfast and he friendliness of the staff. Overall this hotel needs to pick up their game and I question the reviews Im reading on here and why there is no mention of the works going on. 
verry nice hotel with friendly staff and excelent food, if you are a food lover you must go here, everything they serve is perfect.
 from pizza to steak and from breakfast to dinner. even the wine is in line with the food.
 
The rooms are not in line with European 5stars standard! The location is remote from any interesting spots.
 This is not Bali, but only tourist abroad residence.......................................,.
Stayed 8 nights this year and have always enjoyed the hotel's traditional and friendly atmosphere.
 Staff and management always helpful and cheerful, spa is excellent, fitness centre great (Owen is most helpful), restaurant staff attentive and knowledgeable. The extra staff and training this year is noticed and the new restaurant on the beach will be a winner.
Overall it was a great holiday with the staff and service being excellent.
The availability of different restaurants to eat is excellent.
The spa and leisure centre is excellent.
The only downside is the size of the bathroom.
 It is very small and old. It certainly needs an upgrade with an individual shower. Older people find it difficult to climb into a bath to shower.
Also needs to upgrade to free Wi Fi in the room which on international standards is available.
The children's pool was fantastic and was under shade for most of the day.
 Very suitable for younger children. The spa was great value for money & was a beautiful experience. The staff at this hotel were wonderful and couldn't do enough to help. The hotel grounds were lovely. I would definitely recommend this hotel for families & anyone else looking for a beach resort experience.
It was our 7th stay and it always feels like coming home.
 Many thanks to the wunderfull people at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa who made that we've had a great time again! Looking forward to come back next time.
Excellent service and high quality restaurants and food.
 Nice and clean premises 
We enjoyed our 4 days stay after having our holydays spent on a tour through Sumatra & Java in te Nusa Dua hotel and spa
It is fantastic place.
.i love it so much.we stayed in hotel for 4 days..every thing is very good in this hotel..beautifull place clean room best service best pool and beautifull beach...lovely place..i hope back to this hotel ...
First time in Bali.
 Hotel was amazing and beautiful. Staff was friendly very helpful. So much to do in the hotel alone, location was perfect. Coming back with my family next year. Spa was amazing and rated spa of the year in 2014 and you can see why. Definitely recommend this hotel. Lots to do for children too.
We stayed 7 night at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa, the location was perfect for our first visit to Bali with young kids and no a budget the restaurant and events were well priced compared to other hotels around.
 It's an easy walk to other facilities/restaurants/sops etc. if you want to explore the area.
The kids club was free for kids over 3 years and the baby sitting was well priced for kids under 3.
 My only negative was no laundry mat on site or near by we washed our own clothes by hand as the hotel laundry was overpriced for a young family. 
TIPS- you can purchase snacks and water at 1/3 cost at collection mini mart & go out and explore the area!
Stayed here for 8 nights with Family, 2 adults & 2 children.
 And was very impressed from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. One of the original hotels in Nusa Dua in true Balinese style. Service & staff fantastic! Nothing too much trouble & always a smile from staff around the resort. Great relaxing trip.
We really enjoyed our 8 night stay here with our two young children.
 The staff were so friendly and couldn't do enough to help with any request. The hotel has a relaxed feel and we felt comfortable at this 5 star hotel with our young children. Rooms were well serviced and comfortable.
We travelled to Bali a little unexpectedly and had quite a choice of hotels in this secure holiday enclave of Nusa Dua.
 Security protects this area very closely, but we felt no concerns in the area.
In the hotel, we were welcomed in quickly and very courteously.
 Indeed courtesy of the staff was immaculate throughout and they were about the most helpful I have ever come across.
The rooms was almost perfect, with great air on, effective and efficient bathroom and quaint Balinese style.
 The only minor improvement with be a touch of varnish on all the handrails on the balconies and a little wear and tear.
The setting and gardens are wonderful and the pools are excellent.
 Poolside beds were always available and drinks/food are brought to you there if you wish.
We tried every restaurant on site and all were very good, with a range of styles to suit every taste.
 Prices were typically western. We spent around £350 UK on 6 days of lunches, dinner and drinks which we bought as we went on account. The Chess Bar 2 for1 early evening is a lot of fun! We did have the breakfast inclusive rate which for £6 each a day was half the rack rate. The breakfasts, with the fish hunting heron and 4 foot lizard were a brilliant experience too.
On the beach, there is a wonderful view and plenty of space.
 The beach shelves down steeply and goes out about half a mile at low tide they say you need to be careful of sea urchins!
There is a nice walk about a mile each way along a tree lined footpath.
 Security is always visible and you can be approached by vendors, but there is no hassle once you say 'No'.
We were only available for 3 whole days due to other commitments, so only took one trip out, which cost $45US each to the fire dance at Uluwatu, which was very good.
 The driver side-tripped us to the coffee 'plantation', which was a small display of two young civets, a free sampling session and a shop. It was OK. You will get asked for further work by the taxi driver, but were did not have time for more anyway and he was OK.
Most of the people we came across spoke some English, but misunderstandings were very easy.
We would definitely come to this hotel again.
 I had to stay at the Laguna Bay on business for one night and that seemed very similar too.
There is a free bus to the Bali Collection shops, but it is not quite what we expected.
 Think small mall, rather than anything too grand, but worth a walk round.
Stayed here many times when the hotel was new.
 Was always excellent and 5star plus. The hotel sadly has aged and is now 4 star at most. Would not stay here again as there are too many excellent alternatives to choose from.
We really enjoyed our stay, The hotel is relaxing and the staff marvellous.
 The package we got was good value, enjoying the spa and buffet nights. We also ate at the Westin next door which was good and local restaurants.
Stayed here 24th to 31st May 2015.
 Our 3rd stay. Booked a Deluxe Double. was ok but showed signs of being knocked around and bathroom was a little small. Asked for an upgrade to Premier Double with pool view and was well worth the extra 30 dollars a day. Had premier room on previous stays, still dont know why I booked the other. Great hotel to stay. Good food, surroundings are kept up to scratch every day, squirrels are amusing, I can only complain about one aspect. Nusa dua Beach Hotel really has to drag itself into the 21st century and provide free wi-fi in the rooms. They offer paid wifi but is expensive by anybodies standards and talking to people at the hotel, was unreliable. Overcame by purchasing a local sim card for my ipad. Local 3g better that Telstra. Recommended stay.
Very good service and facilities especially the kids club.
 We thought the hotel could do with a little upgrading considering the price. Just the little things like the plastic beach seats etc. Food was amazing and very accommodating.
The hotel is nice and the food is amazing.
 Total value for money. I would totally recommend my friends and family to book here. Don't forget to eat at their breach front restaurant. It is very romantic .
 
Stayed here as a couple for a week in May.
 I nearly cried when we checked in. The lobby is beautiful, the hotel is crumbling and has a lot of wear and tear everywhere.
The people who stayed here and said it is luxury have obviously stayed in a different hotel! 
The staff are friendly, breakfast is a little like being in a zoo with tourist trampling everywhere.
 
The pools are fine, we had a large group of fat, loud Australians sitting in the pool drinking when we first arrived, this spoiled the atmosphere when you are trying to relax.
 We found the spa pool much nicer however the water was quite cool. 
The food was fine, our first night we ate at the Asian bistro and had the rudest waiter, after this we did a mixture of going to the Bali Collection and eating out (Cuca is only 15 minutes away and I recommend a visit!).
 
The beach was also fine, although the sun loungers on the beach look very cheap compared to the nice furniture at the other hotels.
 
All in all I couldn't really be bothered to review this hotel is was so mediocre, however wanted to stop other couples making the same mistake we did in booking it!
I was very worried about coming to Bali, but after arriving at your resort, I felt totally at ease.
Your staff are wonderful and the whole resort is fabulous
I love the food, gardens and bar in pool
This was our 3rd visit, with my wive in a wheelchair, and we loved every minute of it.
 Beautiful location and surroundings.The facilities are great and convenient. Management and staff were extremely helpful. The ideal place to relax and recharge. Thanks very much to all of you to make this such a nice time for us.
I came for one night and had to stay for two it was such a wonderful experience.
 Manager Dermot and Food and Drinks manager Sinead treated us especially well and I can't praise them highly enough. With much appreciation Niall Forde.
Excellent place to stay.
 Recommended for families with kids and those who want to enjoy the traditional Balinese style hotel. Location was awesome. Located in a very safe compound containing all five stay hotels. Great variety of restaurants also available in Nusa dua area.
We arrived late (past midnight) at night, the receptionist was not very friendly at check in.
 The bellboy took our luggage along with us to our room. The entire hotel was dark except only the reception area, we had to walk through the restaurant and some distance in dark to our room. The bellboy did not even have a flashlight to shine our way there. I had to use my own iPhone’s flashlight so I won’t trip. When we woke up and had breakfast, the breakfast environment was enjoyable, however, when we finished, we went outside of the restaurant to the beach. Everywhere we went, we were bothered with loud noise of grinding stone from construction, they were by the pool as well as the beach. The sand on the beach was very coarse although this might not be something the hotel can change, it was not a pleasant experience for me. We ended up staying at a different hotel for the remaining time in Bali.
Had a truly great stay in the Palce Club.
 Staff very obliging,can't do enough for you. It will be good when the new restraunt opens as it will give you more dining options which is a bit lacking at the moment. The only gripe I've got is small children being aloud to swim in the main pool, They have 3 other options to choose from. I think it unfair that adults having a lovely relaxing drink at the pool bar have to put up with small children yelling and screaming.
My late mother-in-law, who loved the world's grand hotels, would love this place.
 That said, it is not exactly my cup of tea. The hotel is in a compound consisting of several large, Western-style, luxury hotels. You go through security checkpoints to get in. You can walk or take a shuttle bus around the in enormous grounds, but you are always in a protected tourist enclave.
For me, the biggest minus was the beach.
 While the beach is clean and pretty, the swimming area is a large shallow lagoon. The ocean and waves are way beyond. At low tide, there is no swimming, just mud flats. There is, however, A very nice pool within view of the water. (Note to sunrise – sunset enthusiasts: the sun rises over the ocean and sets over the back of the hotel.)
The rooms are not overly spacious, but clean and well appointed.
 Obviously, some rooms are going to be more luxurious than others, and some of the rooms that opened onto garden patios looked especially inviting.
The happy hour 2 for 1 drinks at the Chess Bar are a good deal.
 In fact, the dinner meals and shows are all a pretty good deal. There is Balinese dancing, traditional fire dances, and so forth, usually with buffets of different types. It's a good idea to make a reservation. 
By far, the strong point of the hotel, for me, was the enormous and varied breakfast buffet.
 There were breakfast items from almost every major Eastern and Western cuisine. There was almost anything you would want to eat, from north American cold cereals, to omelettes and bacon, to French pastries and traditional English baked goods, to Japanese, Chinese and Indonesian breakfasts, to tropical fruits of all sorts, to bangers and mash. And it was all top-quality, freshly cooked and frequently replenished. Even a do-it-yourself espresso and cappuccino machine.
In all areas of the hotel that I experienced, the staff was friendly and competent, frequently going out of their way to do special favors.
Great way to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary.
 Facilities were fantastic, services were great and staff very attentive. Recommend that you upgrade to Palace Club, if celebrating a special occasion
Stayed here on a luxury escape deal , we found this of great value , the resort facilties are great location sensational, the staff are great in general , service in some restaurants is a little bit hit and miss but the good outweighs the bad , food choices at breakfst is unbelievable and great value , the buffet food at night functions exceptional, the food at other outlets ok , the service at the pool bar greatq, during ourstay I fell gravely ill and the help of the staff on this occasion was nothing but exceptional from getting a doctor to the room in 20 minutes to calling and checking on me and also sending flowers to the room , the management and the staff need to take a bow and be very proud of there efforts in all areas of customer relations
We visited this hotel in May and thought it was beautiful, the staff are so welcoming.
 The rooms were reasonably sized and very well maintained, we never had any problems throughout our stay. The food was fantastic but one thing they could improve on is the entertainment, overall it was fantastic to watch but there is no interaction with the guests, some dancing and games would have been fun! Overall I would highly recommend this place for a 'relaxing' break, ideal for couples and honeymooners.
We stayed here during May 25th - 2nd June with family and friends to celebrate a special birthday, weather fantastic not to hot but humid at times.
The Hotel premises are impressive and extremely well maintained, our room was really nice, clean, no musty Bali smell, fantastic beds and well laid out etc.
 
The food in all the eateries was very, very good with a great choice to suit all needs and taste.
 A special mention here for the food & beverage manager Sinead Moore who made our stay very memorable just brilliant and caring. 
Our only observation was that there was no after dinner entertainment on site so you could not adjourn to the cocktail bar and enjoy an after dinner drink, music and have a place to dance, it all seemed to wind down a little early.
 However for those who just want to relax and stress relieve you could not find better, as mentioned the grounds and ambience are just stunning.
Great Place to stay
This hotel is the perfect choice if you're looking for quality accommodation, quality restaurants, quality facilities and friendly, professional, efficient management all contained within a tropical, relaxing, oceanfront setting at an affordable price.
 We stayed in Palace Club this visit and must commend the thought that goes into the extras available here. Breakfast offers a variety of choices, Afternoon Tea offers delicious cuisine and Cocktails in the evening come with tasty hors d'oeuvres. Once a week there is also a special Cocktail Evening for Palace Club Guests where guests have a chance to mingle with other guests and management. Service really is one of the main ingredients of this successful hotel and is genuinely displayed by all staff throughout the resort. Another key ingredient is the spectacular traditional settings, including the garden surroundings and pool areas, which encourage plenty of relaxation. 
You can do as little or as much as you like here.
 Also must mention it's beachfront location allows for wonderful early morning walks along the Nusa Dua peninsula. We came again this year with extended family for 12 days and all, young and old, had a wonderful holiday and talk of yet again coming back. A real family favourite.
I stayed there for a week in the month of May.
 Rooms were not very spacious (I stayed in a premiere room), bathroom facilities were also not up to the mark. All other things were good except the food, breakfast spread was limited (from the vegetarian people stand point). There are 3-4 restaurants inside the hotel but again good for non-vegetarian people only :), 
Hotel's private beach was neat and clean, not very crowded.
 Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful.
The hotel was okey .
 But the service is not. The receptionist's service is poor .. the employee never welcome or smile to local people i guess ..but i saw them very nice to overseas guess . Hey we pay the same price please treat us nice too and there are workers who work noisily in the middle of the night make us cant sleep well too .
The hotel and hotel staff were incredible.
 We went there for my wedding and everything was so beautifully organised and so relaxing because they have it all under control
 Would like to thank the event manager Kadek Dwi.
 You are truly amazing. I could not have done this without you. Thank you
We visited with a Luxury Escapes deal and we were very disappointed.
 Basically we found the staff to either not understand the deal or make to difficult for us to use it. This made a very unpleasant experience as we were constantly trying to work out what we were entitled to. Drinks were sometimes 2 for 1 but then other times not at the same restaurant and time or day - which just baffled us. We tried to use the squash court but then they tried to charge us $12 U.S. For racquets, but we couldn't use the resort credit we were given. The resort credit was $10 U.S. but each restaurant calculated it to be worth different rupiah - at Chess Bar it was worth 10500 and the spa almost 12500? We tried to join in the 1hour kayaking activity and the man looking after it told us we needed to pay for the use of the kayaks. We argued that it was included in the hotel and he said "okay 15minutes" which was extremely rude given that no one else was using them or had shown up for the session and was simply just trying to take our money. We were having a 'relaxing' massage but all we could hear was the lady chatting away in the room next door, for expensive massages this is not okay. Overall we will be sending a complaint to management as this was just such a disappointing experience and we feel completely ripped off..
The pool is the stand out feature.
... Possibly the only one, however be careful as around the pool as its particularly slippery 
Our rooms had serious issues, broken air conditioning, minimal running water, no hot water and blocked toilets.
 
The food left much to be desired, although breakfast was good.
The rooms are getting to the point of starting to need renovation
The spa left much to be desired and is in fact best avoided, unless you want to hear what is happening in the room next door.
I do have to stay the staff however are friendly and guest services dealt with our room issues quickly, even if it fixes took slightly longer.
I've enjoyed the stay b\overall but few problems one was the internet was too weak(even in-spite paying for it), second there was no control over the A/C except on?off finally, bath towels were over used.
Shared this trip with Kids and Grandkids.
 What a hoot!. From arrival to departure the ethos of the staff, be it room, restaurant, pool or top management was one of service, friendship and efficiency. A complimentary coffee or juice at 6.00 am from a charming lady put me in the right frame of mind on my daily walk as I watched the sun rising.
Breakfasts were excellent with a great variety of choices.
 Then the hard decisions commenced, would I swim, wind surf, paddle board or read under the trees on the sand.
A tip, watch the tide, low tide not suitable for water sports.
 Hoverer, all the pools are very well maintained. Also really enjoyed the restaurants. The extras which are provided in the Palace Club are worth considering when booking. The location and landscaping all add to creating the perfect holiday ambience. Leo Sydney
The hotel itself is great.
 But this is a mute point if all you can hear all day and even after 11 pm are angle grinders. It was coming from both the resort restaurant construction, and the Westin next door, so I wouldn't stay there either. Our trip was ruined.
We were also asked to pay $12 a day for in room wifi despite having paid over US $2k for a deluxe package.
 A little cheap in my opinion.
Won't be back.
I came into the hotel on the 15 may 2015 with my wife.
 We were well received and taken to our room. through out our stay there we were well attended to. All the hotel staff we interacted with were very friendly. We enjoyed our stay.
 
We booked this as a Luxury Escapes package and were well looked after by the very attentive staff.
 some of the facilities are a little dated but still well maintained. Our 1yo baby was well looked accommodated and the staff were very helpful.
Vegetarian dining options were limited but usually happy to accommodate when requested.
 The theme nights were excellent. While this resort and area is a beautiful escape with a taste of Balinese culture, due to the location (Nusa Dua) going out can be a costly/timely adventure. This was the only minor quibble in a beautiful holiday. Highly recommended for a resort holiday!
during my honeymoon I didn't feel that I am in honeymoon.
room No#1213 not that much good 
air condition was good only during night period 
WC door many times locked 
i didnt see in the food menu "arabs food"
no words could ever describe how perfect our stay was! It was by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in and will be recommending this place to everyone! Thank you to everyone at the hotel for making our stay one to remember! I think its one place where I would actually live :)
 
The palace club and the palace club suite are fantastic.
 The staff in both the palace lobby and the club are great and made us feel like royalty. Our friend, Dermot, the resident manager went out of his way to make sure our stay was great. Thank you.
Stayed there for 5 nights in May.
 I think we were quite lucky to get sea view room without even requesting it. It really makes a difference to wake up in the morning and see the beach ;) Rooms are spacious and comfy. Usual facilities. Minibar way overpriced.
Hotel itself is located on the long beach strip surrounded by several other, bigger or smaller, resorts.
 It gives you opportunity to have a walk down the beach, have a little peek or just have a drink in one of multiple beach bars. If you decide to go out of the hotel there is Nusa Dua and Tanjung Benoa villages within 10 minutes walk. Both with plenty of bars, restaurants, supermarkets etc.Most restaurants there offer free transport to/from the hotel. It is a good option as the restaurant prices at the hotel are a bit high (around half price outside). 
Food is ok.
 Buffet for breakfast is a fair variety from continental things to local specialities. Great variety of fruits though. There is few restaurants - balinese, asian, pizza and you can also eat on the beach bar. All of them nice and no complaints about. I think there is another one just being built but don't really know when it opens.
Pools are nice and clean.
 One of them, lagoon pool, is half filled with sand which is nice idea.
Beach is ok.
 You got to expect some vendors walking around and trying to sell trips/tshirts etc. The only complain I would have is that there is some rubbish in the water (plastic bottles, bags...). They seems to be cleaned all through the day but keep coming back with the tides.
Overall very positive stay and I could easilly reccomend it to anyone.
Fantastic place to stay - "private" and "gorgeous" are some key words that come to mind about this place.
 I really appreciate how they have built this place to be "open air" - the main lobby, the walkways to/from the rooms, the restaurants. The secured privacy on the entrance to the resort and the privacy of the beach are great. 
My room was first class (single room, king bed, walk-in shower, hardwood floor, balcony), the service was cheerful, courteous, and ever-present.
 The beach was great to lay out in the sun or get into the water (the wave break is over 100 meters from shore, so very little tidal action, great sand, etc).
The value for the price I paid was fantastic.
 I will definitely stay here again and not even look for another place.
Full service that this place, we would recommend this to others that need the full service treatment.
 In hotel spa "its Bali there is one every where" in hotel restaurant's "safe food" nothing crazy. Great pool, great location, quick walk to beach clubs, cab rides to ubud, easy to find transport in or out of resort. great beach, excellent staff. "full service"
Great stay.
..plan to come back with the whole family to stay longer and enjoy the superb service that this hotel provides. A very quiet and clean hotel with great people around. Will definitely come back soon.
 
 
 
Heaven on Earth!?
Is it realy possible?
Yes!
Already 5 years we are spending our holiday in Bali, and 5 years reside in a same hotel.
..
We have actually pretty good experience in visiting different exotic countries, but Bali and Nusa Dua Beach Hotel are beyond comparison.
Eventually, Hotel deserves 5 * Gold value.
..
A lovely holiday at a reasonable price! 
The best option for family and couples vacations.
In May we spent 2 weeks booking Palace Club, and it was better choise than one might expect.
Starting from the fact that you were met as a best friend, treated like a distinguished guest, and, finally, seen off in a way that you would like definitely to come back to Nusa Dua once again .
..
Actually, this is just what we are looking forward to do the next Spring.
Nick & Mary (Lettland)
The service was excellent .
 A lot of people were always there , always smiling, always wanting to help. The room was ok, accordind to the 5* classification. The location was excellent, on the seashore, and rhe amenities were really great. What did I like the best ? I think I really liked everything. 
If you are looking for a true Balinese experience, look no further.
 This hotel is very beautiful with its Balinese decorations and lush greenery. Situated at Nusa Dua, the beach is almost perfect, away from the strong winds and currents. The sands are almost sandy white compared to the brown volcanic sands in Kuta and Seminyak. Although a bit old, the hotel is still being maintained in tip top condition. Staffs are friendly and attentive. One particular experience that made this hotel stand out is when I left some belongings in the hotel after checking out. Even after I come back 2 days later at 12 midnight, the staffs were very helpful in locating my belongings with the Lost and Found department and returned it to me in less than 10 minutes, all properly packed.
I stayed here with my partner and two children, ages 16 and 8.
 Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was slightly on the small size considering one child is almost an adult, but not an issue as room was clean and we had easy access to all amenities. The resort provided a great selection of scheduled daily activities that everyone could participate in. Resort grounds were beautifully maintained. Having two main pools was good as the swimming pool by the beach could get a bit crowded at times. The spa facilities were heavenly. The breakfast buffet provided for a large array of good quality food. Themed dinners were delicious and entertaining, although you did not want to have a late booking as food would run out. Overall we had a lovely and relaxing holiday.
We recently stayed at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa and had the most amazing experience.
 The weather, location, food, people, resort was just incredible. We had our 8 year old son and there was heaps for all of us to do. We hired bikes a couple of times and thoroughly enjoyed riding along the coastline which I highly recommend. We had the Luxury Escapes Package and thought it was very good value. It wasn't totally perfect but being a 32 year old Resort I thought she has weathered well considering her age and being in the salt air there is bound to be wear and tear which is easy to overlook when there are so many other positives about the Resort. The gardens were breathtaking and so perfectly manicured, i commend the hard working staff that would get up early every morning to rake up every leaf and flower that had fallen during the night. The theme night dinners were amazing and the food was ridiculous ( in a good way) The staff I cannot fault ! they were nothing but beautiful, genuine and ever so friendly, we did not want for anything. Night Markets were within walking distance and metered taxi's were very cheap. The Spa was divine, pool was awesome and if I could say one negative it would have to be the slippery pool area, we saw a few people go down and it is quite dangerous, so be careful !! Other than that I would not hesitate to go back and recommend NDBH&S Thanks so much for the memories you have created !!!!
What An amazing experience we stayed here with 30 of our guests and had the most amazing time they put on the most magical wedding day for us and very thing was perfect ! Attention to detail was flawless !! Can't recommend this betel enough great rooms , awesome kids club, Amazing spa, food to die for I honestly can't fault this place ! We will defiantly be retiring for our first wedding anniversary thanks everyone at the novatel for making out wedding day perfect! We choose the beach Bbq it was perfect lots and lots off food all cooked Fresh! Romantic pool side dinner to die for we were made to feel so special to most romantic week of our life's.
 Can't thank you all enough ! Special thank you to Firda our wedding co ordinated thank you again :) can't wait to see you all again soon :) my hubby also proposed on the private beach ealryer last year once again perfect dinner beach service privtae butler incredable thank you for makeing our dreams a reality :)
Even though this hotel is one of the older ones in Nusa Dua it is very well maintained and charming.
 The club lounge is very elegant and peaceful, looking over some lovely gardens. The hotel has a lovely Balinese feel and the restaurants are good. Service also consistently good. The pool area is lovely with plenty of space and loungers in the sun or in the shade, also many chairs on the beach.
Loved everything about the resort.
 The staff were welcoming and friendly, the food in all the restaurants delicious and the pools and beach enjoyable. We were upgraded to an ocean view room as it was my birthday and we took advantage of the beautiful sunrises and the view of the pool which I loved. The breakfast was one of the best I have encountered, everything was fresh, hot and the items prepared for you as you waited were an absolute treat.
The bed was amazingly comfortable and the pillows to die for .
... I am someone who can never sleep on hotel pillows and I slept like a baby here.
The checkout service was brilliant and the fact that we were able to store our luggage and use the hotels facilities all day before we left for the airport at night ( we were able to have a shower and freshen up in the spa area )made us feel as though we had an extra day on holiday.
Thankyou for a lovely stay :)
I spent a week in this amazing place for my honeymoon.
 Simply the management of this place takes care of each detail.
The staff is so kind and keep on smiling.
My only comment on this resort that they need to keep the beach resturant open till mid night, because all resort's restaurants are closed at 10 PM.
The shower had a little bit of black mould, that I neglected to report.
 I should have asked for firmer pillows, as we are not used to such fluffy soft pillows. I did not ask or report mould as we were having such a great time in and out of the resort. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff to organise.
We chose this resort as family were attending a wedding( we were not) and we travelled with them afterwards.
 We booked with no knowledge of the resort. The room we had was a little disappointing- nowhere comfortable to sit inside. Our family stayed in garden rooms on the ground floor which were much more appealing and spacious. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our time and would recommend it. Breakfast was superb!
Very good stay.
 Would recommend a premier poolside room. Would stay there again.Staff are very friendly and helpful. Also has a nicer beach front location than the neighbouring resorts like Laguna and Melia.
 
The staff at this hotel are professional, helpful and extremely happy.
 They couldn't do enough for us. The choice of fresh food options at all the restaurants at this hotel is second to none. The pools were clean ( we usually opted for the more private lap pool near the spa area. The massages were firm (upon request) and perfect. The spa amenities are very nice. 
The beach ( though somewhat littered at times- which was the only disappointing thing) was nice, depending on the tide or day.
 The workers do their utmost to remove any beach litter. Water quality was good. We took a bike ride along the Nusa Dua beach track to see the other resorts and the sights. The beach quality improved and we jumped in for a swim. The blow hole is just beautiful. We weren't too bothered by beach hawkers. They are limited in number and wear identifiable shirts. They were very respectful of privacy. 
Our "Luxury Escapes" package was everything we wanted it to be.
 Vouchers are a little tedious but worth the trouble- very good value. Travel out of school holiday periods for a perfect /quieter resort. We will be back. One of the best breakfast buffets I've seen.
Such opulence without being over done .
. wonderful experience..beautiful staff friendly atmosphere..only fault was the buffet breakfast if one doesn't eat that much needs to be another price availability for smaller option for breakfast 
 
 
After scoping out the Nusa Dua area during our last trip, we settled on NDBH as the next place to holiday.
 For us, it had everything we needed - a family resort with enough facilities to keep us happy for 7 days (we weren't keen on travelling out and about too much on this particular trip), kids club that catered more to younger kids (our kids are 5 and 3.5 years old), comfortable ground-floor interconnecting rooms and we were looking for somewhere with a beachfront location to renew our vows at for our 10 year anniversary. NDBH met all these needs. The kids club was great, our spa treatments were perfect, all our meals - whether the breakfast buffet, poolside menu or restaurants - were fantastic. Our vow renewal afternoon was so special as was the Legong buffet night at Budaya that followed. The fire dance night and our last meal on the beachfront were also special. Metalia, our vow renewal co-ordinator, deserves an extra special mention. She was amazing!
My room is very comfortable, a bathtub will make it much better.
 And, The 1st room I got was far away from the sea and the garden, outside my window was a construction site, it was really noisy... However I got a much quieter room with much better location after I called the frontdesk. What bothers me is that why don't give the better room in the 1st time? It was a pretty unpleasant experience, but except this, the whole journy in Bali and Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is great!
We spent 5 days at Nusa Dua Spa and Resort.
 When we arrived were "welcomed" by a not-very-friendly receptionist. In general the staff had a very fake politeness. We did like the facilities very much- rooms very spacious, pool facilities very nice! Food on the resort was quite overpriced compared to anything outside the resort. We tried all the restaurants, food was ok but nothing special. Towels were not changed in the room unless you dropped them on the floor, and if you forgot to do it, you had only wet and dirty towels to use the next day.
A 5 minutes walk to the convention centre, especially good for work related stay.
 
Hotel provides free pick up from airport and back.
 
Hotel room is clean, balcony is a bit small and dirty.
 
Wifi in room is chargeable but lobby wifi is free to use.
 
There is a good selection of choices for breakfast and the chess bar by the beach serves very good beef and lamb kebab.
 
During low tide, you can walk a considerable distance out towards the sea.
Beautiful place to stay.
 Thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Breakfast selection was amazing, great fire dance show. Hanging out at the pool and chess bar was very relaxing. Pity there was building work going on at the time, but this is a small price to pay for such excellent fscilities.
 
 
Loved every minute of it.
 Everything was perfect! Food, staff etc were amazing! Would definitely come back hopefully soon & will bring friends with us. Luxury escape was a great deal. Would definitely come again on this promotion
Myself and my friend has a wonderful stay at this hotel.
 The rooms were fabulous, the staff and service excellent and the hotel facilities and location superb. This hotel has an authentic old world charm that a new five star hotel cannot replicate. I will definitely be returning.
My husband and I have just stayed in the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for two weeks and had a wonderful time.
 It was our 9th visit to Bali but our first to Nusa Dua so we were in a good position to make comparisons. We have never before had such a wonderful experience in Bali - the hotel is very reasonably priced for all it has to offer- beautiful grounds, beautiful pools, extremely comfortable room, helpful and friendly staff and the most amazing buffet breakfasts. We would not ever consider staying anywhere else on another visit to Bali. A quiet and beautiful location.
Beautiful surrounds, beautiful atmosphere, amazing staff, food and beverage was great and always served with a smile.
Location and facilities were great with something for everyone.
 I had never wanted to go back to bali but after my stay at Nusa dua beach hotel I am definitely coming back and to this hotel. Thank you for the most relaxing holiday I have had in years.
We stayed here for one night only to finish up our Bali trip with a little bit of R&R.
 
We have previously stayed here in 2013 and loved the service and friendliness of the so much then that we decided to return.
 
We were not dissapointed.
 In fact, if anything, our experience this time was better. 
We enjoyed the professionalism of the staff.
 
Whilst some critisise the hotel as being dated (fair enough) the hotel has aged with dignity; the gardens and beach front are simply first class
Highly recommended.
 Of all the hotels on this strip of beach line. ..this is the best hotel. From early morning yoga to watching the sunrise. ..wow. Spa is amazing...must try. Thank you for a wonderful stay
It was a bit quite but other than that was lovely 
Food was lovely 
Accommodation was lovely 
The people were very friendly 
I have not got much more else to say but I have to fill the characters to submit this 
 
 
Little disappointed this time.
 We were placed in a Palace Club Suite but on the second floor not the 4th floor as in the past. The room was further away and WiFi was deplorable. Slow and intermittent. A visit to the Poolside restaurant was disappointing as the Lobster was overcooked. It is a beautiful resort and staff are a credit but may be time to compare it to something else.
We come to Nusa Dua Beach Hotel Palace Club nearly every year.
 It is a great resort, very clean, fantastic garden. Breakfast, high tea and cocktails are delicious. This time the suite was even better arranged than before.
This is the best place for our holidays.
 Highly recommended!
Our stay at Nusa Dua Beach & Spa Hotel was perfect.
 It was our 40th Wedding Anniversary and we had previously informed them of this and when we arrived in our room, we were greeted with a lovely basket of flowers with a congratulations note and a basket of fruit. On the bed was a display made with towels of two swans with red roses. This was a lovely thought, as we weren’t expecting anything. The air conditioning worked well as it hit you how nice and cool the room was. Our room was in the spa wing and had a beautiful view of the lake and gardens with resident ducks which we overlooked with a large balcony which had two chairs and a small table. The bathroom contained a walk in shower with rain shower and a small spray shower with hairdryer, shampoos, shower gel, soap, shower cap, toothbrushes, tissues, and nail files. The bedroom had t.v. , clock radio which also controlled the lights, tea making facilities with free coffees and two bottles of free waters a day, mini bar, wardrobe with ample draw space, dressing gowns, slippers, umbrellas and safe. The room was also kept lovely and cleaned every day with fresh towels and change of bed linen on request. I also asked for feather pillows and these were stacked on the bed on arrival. We were also given a free alcoholic cocktail voucher to use at the lobby bar. We couldn’t fault the hotel at all, the grounds were beautiful to walk around, the breakfast room, although we didn’t have breakfast, always looked enticing as it was on the edge of a fish pond with fountains and a resident egret, who occasionally did some fishing, there are two pools, one with a swim up bar, the other more for the children with a beach area. The pools were lovely and clean with beds and towels provided and a hop and skip away was the Chess Bar which sold snacks and grills, ideal for lunch. Over the road from the pool was also part of the Chess Bar which had a seating area onto the beach for lunch or evening meal. We ate here many times and had really good food, particularly the steak skewers, which were hanging skewers, £38, for 2 skewers and 4 pints. The restaurants add a service charge and tax to the bill, which does bump the price up, but we were given vouchers to deduct from the bill, so it equalled out. The Chess Bar has a happy hour from 4.00 to 7.00 for two for one cocktails and beers, which works out reasonable prices. Also the Lobby Bar had a happy hour from 10.00 until late, about 1.00. There appeared to be enough beds around the pool, but it may be busy if you went later on in the season. We particularly liked the Spa Pool, as it was lovely and quiet, no-one under the age of 12, with a lovely pool, beds and umbrellas and changing rooms with Jacuzzi facilities, separate for male and female. There are special nights on two nights a week with Indonesian dancing and barbecue or Indonesian food, although again we didn’t try these. In total there are four restaurants, the Chess Bar & Grill Restaurant, the Raja’s Balinese, Maguro Asian and the Sandros Pizzeria. The staff are all really friendly, helpful and pleasant. It was such a delight to walk up to reception and be offered friendly advice and assistance. We couldn’t connect to the internet while we were there, (there is free internet in the lobby area), so used the business facilities to check in on our flight, but had problems printing out our boarding passes, so a lady came and assisted us to print them off. I can find absolutely no fault with this hotel. Some people have said it looks a bit tired, but I think that is just the style of the hotel, a lot of wood, Balinese style. It is an old hotel, but the room we stayed in, was renovated up to a good standard, I don’t know if they are all the same. 
If you can drag yourself away from this hotel, there is a path from the hotel before the beach that runs for about 2 miles one away and 2 miles the other, leading to other hotels along the sea front.
 The Nusa Dua is in a really good position for reaching any of these hotels and for a nice walk to the temples on the small islands. Outside the front of the hotel you can walk along paths also to the many hotels, so you are not restricted in one area or hotel. One of these hotels is The Ayodya, which is a lovely hotel with many restaurants, but we picked the Waterfall Restaurant for our anniversary meal, which was really enjoyable. You can also walk through the gates out the rear of the hotel to some local shops and a small store where you can buy beer and snacks . 
The only fault, I have to comment on which didn’t really affect us much, is there is some building work going on at the back of the hotel by the beach, they are building a new two storey restaurant overlooking the beach, but this is planned to be finished by July.
 It will be excellent when this is done. 
You can hire bikes, play tennis, there is a gym, spa, shops, almost everything is available.
 There is a shuttle to the Bali Collection, which a shopping area and also has many restaurants, but you can walk here also. We just didn’t have long enough to do and see everything. A week we needed a month here.
We had a family room partial ocean view and it was great! There was lots of space for our one year old to move around and the atmosphere was cosy and relaxing.
 If there had been a standing shower area and a extendable shower head it would have been ideal when showering babies. This one only had a bathtub with the shower head built in on the wall. Also the lower tap head is too long sticks out further than the top shower head so you tend to knock into it as you take your shower plus the sharp edges of the design is not child friendly. The food at the Raja’s Balinese Restaurant was superb! All staff were fantastic! Friendly, helpful and always there for your needs! First class!
This is our second visit to Nusa Dua beach hotel and spa.
 We love the hotel its services and the amazingly friendly staff. We stayed in a Palace Club Room, imagine our surprise at being recognized and welcomed with open arms, our previous visit was a year ago to the minute. Would not consider any other place in Bali.
Decided to stay 4 nights after staying in Ubud for 3.
. It's a beautiful location and hotel, but for some reason I was slightly disappointed overall- hence the grade 3/5. The pools nice, the beach was ok. The daily breakfast was good. The inroom service food was ok. I guess it didn't help I got food poisoning from the huge seafood buffet they had, the fire dance show was cool though. Getting a taxi out to the city is top $ price no bargaining.. The staff were all really nice and accommodating. I guess I was anticipating a better experience? It was the cheapest on hotels.com so I'm ok with it in the end. The beach wasn't as spectacular as all the reviews said.. Average at best?
Everything about the stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa exceeded our expectations.
The check-in process was smooth at comfortable, the rooms were very comfortable, the food and drinks were very good, the kids club kept the kids occupied for many hours giving us the chance to enjoy the excellent spa facilities.
All through this, the one thing that stood out was the service attitude of the staff.
 No one ever said No for anything. In-room dining food was delivered to the beach. They even allowed us to order in food from an outside restaurant and eat it at the beach side restaurant tables, without even having to consult a manager, or apply a condition of minimum spend at the restaurant.
The live band playing CCR's Proud Mary with traditional Indonesian instruments was a memorable highlight of an enjoyable and relaxing holiday.
beach at front of hotel is the best place to visit, blue clear water, white sandy beach, a lot of lounges available, clean beach, quiet, so when you fall a sleep you can sleep tight till you awake, great !.
A wonderful stay.
 We were given an upgraded room change due to music entertainment very loud as our room was close to reception. The breakfast was great and the resort beautiful. We will certainly come back again in the future. 
 
We just got married at Nusa Dua Beach hotel at it was picture perfect! Mrs Eka our wedding coordinator did an awesome job on the day and all the work to get it there! The gardens and staff are excellent
We took advantage of the Luxury Escapes deal for this hotel which included all meals, $150USD credit, massages and super late check out.
 We have stayed here before however this package made it all the more better. 
The service and staff at the hotel are amazing.
 All requests we made were met and quickly. Nothing was too hard for this hotel. The hotel is authentic Bali so this is suitable for people who want to stay in an authentic hotel as opposed to a western style
 When our 20 month old son hurt his arm (not the hotels fault) they arranged complimentary transport to the hospital, followed up on his progress and sent him flowers to our room to wish him a speedy recovery.
The Massages were Amazing! Extremely professional.
The food was lovely and so much variety.
We were invited to the VIP party drinks and got to meet some key staff including the GM and they are all lovely.
 I really felt they were interested in their guests feedback.
The food and Beverage Manager Sinead was lovely as well, always took the time to chat and ask how you were.
The room service and housekeeping was extremely prompt and exceeded our expectations.
I think what made our trip though aside from all of the above was the other guests in the hotel.
 We meet some lovely people from Australia, Russia and Saudi Arabia. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. We have made some long term contacts and loved spending time with these people.
Overall a truly wonderful holiday and hotel, will be returning.
 Thank you Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa!
Very enjoyable stay at Nusa Dua Beach Resort booked with Luxury escapes which was a good deal.
 The best part of the resort would have to be the beautifully landscaped gardens with the wonderful ducks, squirrels and bird life. The pools are beautiful as well as the beachfront location. 
We enjoyed the evening cocktails with the club privileges, although if i stayed again I would not book the club as we found the day was revolved around 3.
00pm for afternoon snacks, 5.00pm for cocktail hour. Would have preferred to stay at pool longer and then have happy hour drinks near the pool instead. Would rather be closer to the main pool which is nearer to the beach also. We actually found it a bit too quite for us although we are in our mid 50's - 60's traveled as 2 couples. Perhaps a few 2-3 days at end of stay would be long enough rather than 10 nights. Food was quite good, enjoyed the beachfront restaurant the most. Club breakfast was very good with plenty of variety. 
The standard would be 31/2- 4 star, and showing its age in places, the rooms whilst very nice and roomy are somewhat dated.
 The outside verandah is showing a lot of wear and could do with a good water blast.
We walked to Benoa for supplies one morning which is about 20-30 minutes along the beachfront.
 There are also small market stalls to the right at the beachfront and right again where the beach runs into the road about 10 minute walk.
Great hotel, both at the business meeting (I was with a group of 50 people) and private.
 And highly flexible service very good. Great cuisine and Japanese revelation. Certainly I come back to this hotel.
I had a great balanced and comprehensive stay.
 Though I requested a dvd player to be in my room at check in and it wasnt there. It took time to get one installed and get the remote etc. The staff were very friendly, welcoming and helpful they always stopped to say hello during passing. 
We are returning guests and joined my son his wife and their 16 month old son for their wedding anniversary and our own.
 We ate at all the food outlets on site and were happy with the food quality and service at all. The breakfast buffet is amazing.
We did not use any other services.
A good value holiday with all the add ons.
 The hotel and grounds are very large and takes a couple of days to "settle in". All the staff were good, especially at Maguro's and the theme dinner nights. My only down comments would be no iced water in urns at key places ( reception, lobby ) and no body saying about the hidden power points on the side of the room desk by the curtains - only discovered on day 7.
second time i have stayed at NDBH and both times have been great .
 Our daughter was married there 4 years ago , and what an event that was. Hotel restaurants are a little pricey for Bali with a Bintang costing nearly $7.50 Aus and it would be nice for the breakfast buffet menu to change regularly , but having said that the breakfast was amazing . Staff , the best , location outstanding , hotel great
Excellent location for beach, well maintained property.
 Ample things to do in the hotel for kids and babies. Swimming pool is very nice too.Lobby area has awesome fishes my kid totally enjoyed it. Massage is good too. Food was ok not much vegetarian options. Only thing we didn't like was the bathroom
We are return guests, so no option to select that in the survey.
 Also we used multiple services in the hotel and no option to select more than one. We found the standard of food on the buffet dinners underwhelming. In particular the whole fish (which we commented on exactly the same, 6 months ago) and the hot seafood - all overcooked to the max. We adore this hotel, the staff are truly wonderful and facilities excellent. Just need the Exec Chef to address the overall standard in buffet dinners and Maguro as well. Wouldn't stop us returning though! The Palace Club inclusions and standard is just fabulous. Mr G and his team are exceptional.
Our breath was taken away as soon as we pulled up to the traditional Balinese entrance gates and it just got better & better.
 Spectacular gardens, pools & beach, first class restaurants & attentive, friendly staff. Couldn't improve a thing!
We had a family holiday here in April 2015.
 Most of the staff were fantastic, but the people at the Concierge desk seemed inattentive, and did not appear interested in helping us. The staff at the Information desk, (just a few metres away), however, were always helpful and would try their best with all of our enquiries. I would recommend the pizza restaurant (although it's expensive by Bali standards). Maguro's was a bit hit and miss, but the waiter, Juni, was fantastic!
We spent great holidays.
 Many thanks to the complete hotelstaff. All people were very friendly and helpfully. The Palace club rooms/ package was perfect and can be 100% recommended. 
Just one word : EXCELLENT HOTEL
Great place for a family vacation or if you are a solo traveller.
 Clean beach, good food. You may even witness a religious ceremony or two. Something for everyone. Didn't like being pushed to do a review.
The room quality is bad and the size of the room is too small, the bathroom is incredible small with cockroaches.
 About the meals there is no buffet available and only three restaurants with a very short menu, the drinks are allways paid separately and are trully the hotel business, way too expensive. The location of the hotel is good and the beach is very pleasant. The only anoying thng about the beach that is the huge amount of people selling all kind of stuff, they are very persistent and they are there everyday for the full day.
Nusa dua property is amazing specially the location and beach view restaurant.
food is really yummm.. Value for money.hotel has arranged cake and flowers in my room on my birthday tooo .. I was really touched. 
:-)
nice location, excellent hotel facility, good restaurants, foodquality very well
:-(
not satisfied with the cleanliness of the room,
huge hotelcomplex
 
on balance we would recommend this hotel for calm and great holidays
Fairytale.
By Adriana Bouwman, May 3, 2015.
Arriving in Benoa with Oceania Cruises, my travelagency booked a one night room in the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 The moment I arrived, I decided to stay untill Sunday 10. The amazing beautiful place, the very friedly staff, the overall atmosphere was overwhelming......A great ecperience, I Will certainly come back.
we had a lovely stay, thank you.
This survey on the other hand is very annoying forcing people to write something.
 I was off a mind to just delete the email and not respond at all I would suggest you get rid of the compulsory review otherwise you may miss out on some reviews and maybe generate negative reviews through making this section compulsory
Had a great relaxing holiday.
 Hotel is spotless, staff are friendly and lots of room to relax. We loved the lap pool. Breakfast was brilliant. Loved the pool bar and the happy hour cocktails. Could not fault anything with the hotel. We will be back!
Beautiful huge property which is cleanly maintained,freindly staff,blue water private beach area,nice rooms,variety of swimming pools,restaurants of differnt kinds and relaxing spa.
.i was in premium room for four nights which was wonderful dat i can never forget,NDBH organise cultural programmes which me and my wife enjoyd to the fullest..i am satisfied dat i made a right choice by choosing dis hotel on my honeymoon trip. Only problem was the noisy bed,i request the management to plant fixed beds rather dan movable other den the property worth each and every penny of guests....
Great value, location and service.
 For the luxury escape Palace package, unbeatable and highly recommended. Everything was included and there were only a few restrictions. Staff we fabulous. Definetly recommend for families too.
 
 
 
 
I'm glad there's a website like tripadvisor where you can be honest about your experiences for others to read.
 My wife and I had our honeymoon at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel 17 years ago. We loved it but wondered if it was slightly through rose tinted glasses because of tge occasion. Not so. From the moment we stepped out of the hotel transfer it was like we'd arrived home. There is simply not one aspect of the hotel, its staff, food, accommodation, spa, pool, restaurants, grounds, locality that we couldn't rate 10/10 with only one minor exception. Somehow the staff found out it was my birthday and out of the blue I was presented a birthday cake, accompanied by a large group of employees to sing to me. It was very touching. 10 minutes walk to a large shopping centre and restaurants (Bali Collection) or get the free transfer. Excellent pools and very safe beach. If you are considering Bali and want one of the best on offer, book the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. Indulge yourself like we did and for a couple of hundred extra dollars upgrade to the Oalace Clubrooms. You'll thank me for it. M Brown. Gold Coast Australia
On the whole that expereince at the hotel was excellent.
 I was disappointed arriving late with children and not been given an appropriate family room as ordered. The second room we were given was right near the bar that played loud live music until 11.30 so I did not really get to sleep a lot on my relaxing holiday as I still have children that wake afer midnight.
Not up to modern standards.
 1983 vintage cutlery/crockery service- not VG.
Food was far less than expected.
.too much chilli. We ate after this experience at the Laguna & Westin & were more than satisfied. We were also celebrating a birthday & brought a special bottle of wine all the way from Aus only to be charged $US15 to open it. We did the pouring. Swamped with annoying service as there were very few other customers & staff felt they should look busy, but were continually asked "how were things?" etc
It was our 30th wedding anniversary and we were looking for something special.
 We found it and totally enjoyed the holiday. The hotel was as described in the brochure and more. We booked bed and breakfast but also ate in the restaurants on a couple of occasions the food was very good the staff well they just could not do enough for you. Trying to think of a down side all I could come up with was the flight but it was well worth it would not hesitate to go back. Thank you for making our anniversary special.
In comparison with the private villa, the staff are not really friendly, just average.
 The room is comfortable and big with Balinese carved sculptures which is special than the other hotels. The atmosphere is relaxing and you can find the room and garden are surrounding with little squirrels. The beach is big and clean. However, the foods are only average and without free shuttle bus services. Only suggest to people would like to spend whole day in the hotel as not much shopping can do there (only Bali Collection). All sport courts and facilities are required to pay but the price is reasonable. Have tried the lobby lounge,however, foods and cocktails are so-so.
Our 5th stay at Nudsa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa in the last 15 years.
 This time booked with the Hotel direct on an 8 night Palace Club room that included Spa treatments, Dinners and F&B vouchers. The service and effort by the staff is amongs the very best i have ever encountered, and we have stayed in many 5* resorts in Bali, Thailand and Malaysia. One minor irritation was that there is no control over children, and some in nappies sitting around the pool bar when this facility in the pool should be for aldults only. Food in resturants superb and cutural dinners were also good. Service in Palace / Club outstanding. An excellent stay as always too short and a long way from home. Would love to go back sometime in the future. Special offer from the Hotel directly highly recommended.
We stayed at this resort because we bought a special on luxury escapes.
 I believe we got great value using the voucher but I wouldn't pay the full amount to stay (think it was $270US per night normally). The resort was so beautiful, the staff pay great attention to the gardens and maintaining the building. The pools were lovely and you get a great spot of the beach too. Pretty impressed with the restaurants too but we got free meals with our voucher - I wouldn't be too happy paying full price as it was much more expensive then Kuta restaurants.
The Hotel Service was very good.
 The staff went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. We have already booked a second stay at the resort, and have recommended it to our friends and family. The facilities and activities for both young and old alike are very good.
Beautiful layout however I think there should be publicity given to daily highlights like Tennis Comp etc at breakfast even perhaps the day before there were a lot of events that went unnoticed.
The staff were invariable friendly and helpful..
 
 
 
Nicely located on the beach.
 Good service. Shopping nearby. With a free shuttle provided. Staff polite, helpful and friendly. The rooms were cleaned daily , with fresh linen and toiletries provided. Plenty of activities available and a good choice of food provided by multiple restaurants within the resort. Overall an excellent resort.
Allan 10 May, 2015
This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel.
 The service is first class and the location excellent. If you are looking for a place to relax and refresh I recommend this hotel highly. 
Urs the General Manager and all of his staff do everything they can to make sure your stay at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is an experience that you will not forget.
such a lovely place warm and friendly atmosphere very welcoming, right on the beach, very friendly staff ,lovely location recommend to anyone to go here, the choice of food in the restaurants was very good and tasted amazing!!!
Beautiful complex and lots of Balinese Hindu influence in the building.
 Very relaxing place with friendly staff. Private beach is great, lots of pools and Raja's does the best bebek betutu I've ever had. The hotel never seems crowded.
The location is both a plus and a minus depending on how you look at it.
 The Nusa Dua resort area is isolated somewhat and has limited eateries and bars in the area. This means you are a little captive to resort prices. They keep the touts away, traffic is limited and it's very secure and this adds to the serenity. All in all, I prefer the isolation and the Tavern pub just outside the area gates is awesome for local food, 15 minutes walk. With the new toll road/bridge, Kuta and the airport are much quicker to get to as well.
Get a deal with breakfast included and a Premier room at minimum.
**Side note-The gym could do with a power rack for free weight bench press and squats.
Great way to end a fantastic three weeks in beautiful Bali
Crazy good Seminyak, tranquil and cultural Ubud, luxurious live-it-up Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa
We loved it all
Family had the time of their lives
Thank you
 
 
 
 
 
Love coming back here! Always relaxed and peaceful.
 Nusa dua is a quiet area so wouldn't suit people looking for heaps of action. Staff are so lovely - Alit was a standout for service and personal attention.
Nusa Dua Beach Hotel Bali is probably the most authentic Balinese resort in Nusa Dua area.
 Love the food there.. The pizza is superb, the "jamu" at the breakfast is one of the best I have had in hotels. The dinner experience (by the beach) at Chess was one of the highlights of my stay. The beach is clean, peaceful and feels really romantic! I recommend walking along the beach around after 9pm :-)
Will definitely come back for the beach, pizza and jamu!!! Oh did I mention the spa was amazing too?!
Although listed as a 4.
5 to 5 star resort, please be prepared definitely not to South African or Japanese standards. The rating probably still exists as a nod to the architecture, the many restaurants, pools, spa facilities and immaculate gardens. But this is greatly let down by the deplorable conditions of the rooms. Thankfully we had a free upgrade to the Premier room from a deluxe room but this only made a difference in terms of space. However the room condition was not good, since I travelled with my 17 month daughter, I was disappointed, the kettle needs replacing(lime scale buildup), the bathrooms deep cleaned and the bathroom accessories replaced. There was a noticeable damp smell as well. 
I think that although anyone could argue this is symptomatic of a tropical climate, airing of rooms should be done regularly, with so much incense available, strange there is nothing to deodorize the rooms.
 Additionally the balcony/shutter doors need a privacy net curtain, a net screen would also be welcome to keep out pests( such as the squirrels, which were reminiscent of flying rats)
The on site clinic facility came in handy when my daughter developed a runny nose and high fever.
 The female doctor was quite thorough and although after clinic hours 8pm arrived not 10 minutes after the call out which was I was extremely grateful for. My thanks to the hotel management for this facility. 
I also used the on site hair salon.
 The service was excellent, however the strangest incident happened when my husband paid cash, the cashier at the salon did not give him any change, and only did so after he requested the change, he assumed they had thought it was a tip but still I don't think this is correct practice. And would advise caution when paying. 
Please note the hotel is currently running a special on an 8 night stay, advertised on their website and not on any booking sites.
 
This worked out to almost a half board stay, plus spa treatments, and return airport transfers, and food and drink vouchers.
 Which I compliment the hotel on excellent marketing! 
The spa was immensely relaxing, but it was annoying that my husband and I had to take turns to use it as there is no daycare at the spa and children under 12 are not allowed in the spa area.
 So we could not make use of the sport recreation facilities as we felt rushed to return to our daughter. A soundproof nursery on site would have been greatly appreciated. Yes, I am aware there is baby-sitting facilities for a charge. I don't understand the need for this when a shared nursary staff is more economical for the guests. And at least the kids are near at hand. 
Generally the area is nice very picturesque.
 The beach is sad, especially when the tide is out, again, a pity the Balinese don't feel moved to treat their environment more protectively, unfortunately too much litter. An all day beach cleaning at the hotel would have been greatly appreciated. 
The food is bland, sadly so with wonderful fresh ingredients and spices this was disappointing.
 I ended up giving detailed instructions on how we wanted our food prepared after too many fails, at best I can say it tasted little better than airline food. 
Overall if you want a budget friendly stay, or perhaps if your more intent on touring and not going to be in the hotel much, this hotel works.
 But if you want a luxury stay, I would say give this place a miss.
Excellent 8 nights at the Hotel with the staff service being the reason this is a particularly ideal place to stay.
 Their attitude and courtesy was a delight and they are a credit to the hotel ensuring we had all we needed at all times - basically they spoilt us all week with drinks, meals and towels etc. brought and taken away as we required. Everything is on hand and the pool and beach were great. Would strongly recommend especially the Chess Bar and Restaurant at Happy Hour!
We can recommend everyone tot visit nusa dua beach hotel .
 Also for children this hotel is worth visiting. All staff was genuine kind to all visitors. An extra plus is the beach the hotel is lying next to. 
 
Great spot with excellent staff.
 Very friendly, a nice place to recharge. Good place to escape hassling from locals on kuta to seminyak strip. Beaches always clean. Stayed last trip at kuta side and couldn't swim at beach due to an unbelievable amount of garbage in ocean and on beach.
 
Very nice hotel with great location.
 Fantastic grounds. First room given felt abit damp - not been used for a while. Mentioned this at reception, manager came out and moved us to a new room and upgraded us. 
Food great, the staff are the best.
 They work long hours but are always friendly and really want to help. Great time, going back in August
Greatest hotel in the area.
 Great rooms, great service from the workers and great restraunts. I was extremely surprised by how fast and amazing the workers were. I almost felt like I was home. I am definetly going to go back 
Older resort with lots of character.
 We stayed half board which doesn't include drinks but once we got the hang of it it was ok. No freeWifi in rooms just mainly in lobby which is annoying. Staff are great , food in restaurants is good and breakfast is ok. Beach is lovely as well as the spa treatments. Great place to stay but resort is very quiet with limited entertainment. I had my birthday out there and staff made it real special . 
Get a premier room as a deluxe is awful .
 We changed our room to a premier one as a result . It has a bath and balcony
Check-in: 19 April 2015
Check-out: 25 April 2015
Room type: Deluxe Club Room
Recommend to others: Yes
Pools, sun, friendly staff, good company.
..what more could you ask for?
Our time at Nusa Dua Beach Resort provided a great start to our 2 week Bali holiday.
 It was extremely relaxing with plenty of activities if reading by the pool wasn't your thing. Taxis are also dirt cheap so you can travel to neighbouring Kuta or Seminyak for a change of scene/cheap meal.
Things to look out for:
* Get to the pool/s early to secure a lounge.
 However, Lounge Hogs beware...if you think it's a good idea to put a book on a lounge then go for breakfast, go to the fitness centre etc. you may find your belongings removed if your lounge is unoccupied for 1 hour;
* A service fee is attributed to all purchases at the resort.
 No need to tip unless you experience exceptional service (although customary to tip porters for bag handling and housekeeping). Having said that workers in these resorts earn between US$100 and US$200 per month so a few extra bucks means more to them than it does to you;
* If you need a complaint handled effectively you may be waiting a while.
 The main downside with this place is that there isn't a fluent English speaker who can handle a grievance. We had an issue where one staff member assured us there was an 8 seater van we could take to Seminyak for RP500,000 for 3 hours. When we got to reception we not only discovered there is no such van but there had not been any transport arranged for us.
Reception and also the Transport Desk didn't seem to understand that it was an issue for us.
 After 10 minutes of negotiations they offered RP1,000,000 for return across two vehicles. Twice the original quote. After a few more minutes without us budging they offered RP600,000. The resort just had to cut/remove their commission.
So providing everything runs smoothly this place is amazing.
 But if you have an issue you may just need to grin and bear it.
Stayed at the Nusa Dua Beach hotel in April 15 for four nights.
The hotel is built in grand Balinese style as opposed to some of the more modern style of surrounding hotels.
 It is located on Nusa Dua beach amid very large gardens.
Stayed in a Palace Club suite which is very spacious with a large balcony overlooking the lovely gardens.
 Use of the Club Lounge facilities for breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails was very much enjoyed. The staff at both the Club Lounge and throughout the hotel were very friendly and helpful. 
Had a very comfortable relaxing stay and thoroughly enjoyed it.
 
Looking forward to a return visit next year.
We stayed here for one week for our honeymoon.
 The resort is beautiful with bars, restaurants, pools and easy access to the beach. The rooms are neat and comfortable with ample space and a mini-bar. Breakfast is well-stocked with options for everyone and I highly recommend booking an option that includes this. We did struggle a bit with suppers as we are vegetarian and there are very limited options to choose from. In the end, we walked to local restaurants outside the resort where there were more and cheaper options. This is the main reason for not allocating a full 5 stars. The service at the hotel is however excellent. From our airport transfers through to room service, service was always fast and always efficient. It is important to note that when staying at any luxury hotel the experience may not be as 'local' as hoped, but we found the hotel well situated for exploring the rest of the island and they can also help to arrange tours. The resort spa is also beautiful with reasonably priced treatments. All in all a leisurely, beautiful stay at a hotel I would stay at again.
Just spent 9 days here and after scoping the local area we are very happy with our choice of resort.
 The location in Nusa Dua is great, the most picturesque part of the beach, some interesting small temples on nearby headlands, a few local shops along the beachfront as well as local market within easy walking distance... and of course Bali Collection (which we actually really enjoyed - inflated prices but still cheaper than home and surprisingly diverse)
Not a whole lot to do if you are looking for cultural experiences but nice place to lay on the beach/pool and relax.
We chose a room overlooking the tropical garden and were really happy with it.
 Nice and peaceful away from the pool scene, tranquil view of ponds and geese, lots of trees. Buy some nuts from the local shop for the squirrels!
This is the oldest resort in Nusa Dua so a few cracks are showing in the old girl but more than made up for by traditional finishes and features - totally charming.
Food is fine, drinks cost HEAPS, staff are gorgeous.
 No wifi in rooms which was annoying - only in lobby and bars
Would definitely stay here again!
We stayed at this hotel over Easter and it really surprised us with just how relaxing and fun it was! We went on a Luxury Escapes Voucher which we used for the first time and we were really impressed with it.
 It was very easy to use the voucher system and the hotel were very accommodating with the voucher system also. The kids absolutely loved the pools and the kids club and the friends they made. I loved the water aerobics in the pool, the choice of restaurants, the massages at the spa and the adult pool at the spa. We played tennis, went on a tandem bike ride, played table tennis and got family photos taken. We watched two out of the three dinner shows on offer that week (the kids loved them), one of which had a really great buffet. The beach was nice to swim and relax on. It was a family friendly place, that made for a very relaxing holiday. The two downsides I can think of, there was construction going on at one of their restaurants on the beach but that will obviously end eventually and the poolside and beachside service was a little slow. Other than that, I recommend this place for a chill out family holiday.
After a not too pleasant week in Singapore after Bangkok, we decided to split the remaining 2 weeks by getting out of Singapore and decided on Bali.
 We were recommended this hotel/resort by many so booked for 6 nights.We were so glad we did. Its a short drive from the airport, and the hotel forms part of a "gated-security" area. Although we were allocated a room on the 1st floor and quite far away from reception, it was actually quite near the beach and pool bar and restaurant. A nearby lift was also a great convenience for my limted-mobility wife.
The sea here is great, protected by a reef and although the tide goes quite a way out and drops quite a bit, the sea is swimmable for a fairly long period .
 The beaches are superbly clean with lovely white sand. 
Service as to be expected, is superb, although a small criticism here: there is sometimes a problem getting beach service because the staff at the poolside bar has to serve both the pool and the beach.
Some sort of paging system might be of help here.
We would definitely stay here again.
We stayed at Nusa Dua for 3 nights, In October 2013 with our 2 children aged 6 and 2.
The welcome was fantastic.
 Check in - not a hitch. 
The hotel is Immaculate.
 Beautifully landscaped, clean, and inviting.
Staff are so friendly willing to do anything for you.
 Room cleaning is fast and thorough. 
The pool area is stunning.
 Pretty large pool for the adults, with a number of smaller pools for the children. Has a slippery slide which my son enjoyed very much! 
There are a number of restaurants within the hotel.
 Food was average - I thought. Bit on the expensive side (but it is common in Bali at the resorts). Most times we went on the free shuttle to the Bali Collection (an outlet for shopping/eating) where meals there were a lot nicer and not to mention cheaper. The outlet shopping there ok (pretty cheap), can buy a lot of bali items to take home with you.
We stayed on the top level (can't remember room number) viewing pool area.
 Not too noisey. View is fantastic. Can watch the sunrise, and the on-goings of the hotel below. 
The beach is just amazing (calm and serene) They have many sunbeds etc that you can relax on.
 This beach has a number of big hotels along it. You can walk along the path and check out the other hotels facilities (they don't mind). Its a beautiful walk. 
However on the beach there are locals trying to sell you bali items (ei: sarongs, shells, tourist attraction services) - they can be a annoying especially if you want to relax.
 They are not permitted to come into the hotel, but are allowed to stalk the tourists on the beach. 
I recommend this place to families.
Already looking to book up our next visit.
 Such a People Friendly Resort. This was our second visit and have had great times on both occasions. The Palace Club facilities made our holiday perfect. Nothing is too much bother for the staff, from the management to the ground staff. Have been to other hotels in Nusa Dua, but this is by far our favourite. Thank you Nusa Dua Hotel!
A beautiful location and resort with a unique setting in tranquil gardens.
 Each day began with the most delightful buffet breakfast served by genuinely friendly and gracious staff. The most wonderful holiday will definitely be revisiting. Our sincere commendation to management and all staff.
After reading some reviews some people are obviously hard to please or will whinge about the smallest thing.
 My wife and I stayed for eight days at this resort during April 2015 and couldn't be more happy. The food was great, the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful and the amenities within the complex and room were faultless. Each meal had a great selection and couldn't be faulted, the chefs at the comp[lex did a fabulous job in presentation and taste. My wife and I will certainly stay at this resort again so congratulations to management on a well presented 
and efficiently run resort
By Barry S
The Palace Club area at the NDBH is so peaceful and beautiful, away from the noise and with ducks on rolling green lawns and amid the fountains and gazebos.
 The spa pool is a refuge. And of course there is the attentive and friendly staff. A great place for romance and to recharge the batteries.
Have Stayed here twice now and the rooms are really nice and theres always squirrels on the balcony when you wake up.
 The pools are a bit boring for young kids but are big. Right on the beach and has very good staff.
This hotel and their staff are excellent.
 
We stayed for ten nights in April 2015 and we were amazed at the excellent standards maintained by hotel staff from the quality of the food to the service provided by the attentive staff.
It was definitely a luxury Balinese escape and was the perfect place for our honeymoon.
Our experience was exceptional from the moment we arrived until we departed.
 
The hotel has classic appeal which distinguishes itself from neighbouring hotels which are very modern western looking.
 
In contrast the Nusa dua beach hotel architecture makes you feel like your in your own little balinese kingdom.
We met up with our Australian family and young grandson for our yearly get together holiday.
 The hotel is in true Balinese style with lovely gardens, pools etc but their biggest asset is their wonderful staff. Without exception every member of staff greeted us with a big smile and nothing was too much trouble, we really did feel like their valued guests.
The breakfast Buffett was a feast with every food for all nationalities.
 My only complaint was very slow WiFi and not free in the rooms, I know we all spend too much time on our iPhones but it was useful for planning trips etc and keeping in touch with home.
I have given cleanliness five stars but the bathroom was slightly shabby which did not really matter but a bit more deep cleaning of tiles, splash backs and the wood in front of the sinks would have been good, the rest of the hotel was spotless.
We recently were lucky enough for get a bargain price on Luxury escapes website for a trip to Bali staying at Nusa Dua Hotel.
 This was our first time to visit Bai and although we had some concerns about the weather, and the deal itself, we were amazing. I will remember this trip for all of its highlights but also being a part of these gentle people who live in such a peaceful way and never complain. Every day was relaxing . Not one day did we have any complaint about the room spacious and comfortale.
The food delicious and at breakfast it is a monumental array of food from all customers no matter where they lived what ever was desired was in front of you and each day you can taste food to see what it is and how it tastes seen so much food put out for mulitnational travellers.
Most guest are family or older couple all well behavd.
 It is isolated from other areas but for a reasonable price there are many guides available, we organised one from trip advisor recommendations and did a day. Tour because we just wanted to relax.there are four pools some for little ones some for adults only near the spa. Massages were wonderful, the service clean sheets every day. Because I had never been to anywhere tropical like this I had to get used of the temperature and sometimes very hot we always went to the pool. The room was constantly air conditioned and very effective. You get to understand many of the ways of keeping cool in a rtrpical weather zone and this is what had stopped me from spreading my Asian wings I will be forever grateful to all staff and my husband in making our holiday once in a litime dream come true.
This place is just "Wow".
 Very nice hotel in traditional style, great people working there, great food. My 2 week stay was like living in paradise... If you are looking for a place to relax, your in the right place here. I will soon be back...
We spent five wonderful days relaxing and enjoying the property after traveling extensively in Australia for 4 weeks.
 The hotel is well located, the beach is beautiful and private in comparison to the other hotels surrounding it. The Bali collection is within walking distance for shopping and dining. The beach vendors are friendly and respectful. The staff are helpful and very attentive. Highly recommend this resort. We definitely will come back!
Me and my family had a great time in this hotel.
 We were there in "Silent Day" when everybody had to stay in hotel and we enjoyed swimming in pool, having breakfast, lunch and dinner and we didn't want to leave the hotel. So I recommend this hotel to everybody who wants to enjoy their time in Bali with family.
I had a very good relaxing time here, the breakfast was over my expectation, the yoga at the sunrise, the weddings in the yards, the pools the beach views, the theatre with shows for the dinner, the rooms, everything great!
After a 22 hour flight from Toronto, Canada (not including four hour stopover in Hong Kong to change flights), we were welcomed by the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel Manager like we were friends.
 
Service is sublime.
 Every wish is graciously taken care of. Hotel restaurant food is exceptional, and surprisingly inexpensive. Luxurious rooms are exquisite with hand carved teak wood. Grounds are lavish and overflowing with Palm trees and tropical plants. And the pools and beach....Paradise. Felt like a Queen at this resort...especially after getting my long blonde hair 'done' at the resort's beauty salon. Can't wait to travel to Bali again, but will bring some relatives to experience the dream-like atmosphere at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
Stayed in this amazing resort for 11 days , it was heaven from the minute we checked in , sinead and dermot the managers were amazing and took care of us so well , when I arrived back in New York the one question people kepp asking was.
..would I go back again , and I would 100% the food the staff swimming pool beach are all incredible
I'm so happy that we chose this Resort as part of our Honey Moon.
 It was a nice place to be, with several different things to do but at the same time it gives you the chance to chill out and relax.
The location is also really nice, with a big white sand beach, where you can take a bath or have a nice dinner.
The most beautiful garden in all Nusa Dua specially when you do a tour with the Garden Manager! An other fantastic experience was the Fruit Carving with an experienced Chef that above all is a true artist.
Last but not least was the Spa massages and the honest and unique hospitality of all the Staff.
 No doubt an experience to repeat.
We had the most amazing time at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The facilities were beautiful and the staff were so lovely. We got a free upgrade to a family room which was so nice. We loved the pools and being so close to a beautiful beach was wonderful. The Spa was amazing and the baby sitting facilities were great for my 2 year old son. The food was just beautiful and the sushi at the Japanese restaurant was our favourite. I would recommend this resort to all of my friends and family. We will definitely be going back. The perfect destination for a family holiday.
Charming hotel with plenty of character.
 Staff were always friendly. Great Buffett breakfast. Rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable. A little isolated, but free shuttle bus to the 'Bali Collection' (sterile shopping and restaurant complex, for tourists) and taxi elsewhere. Recommended.
Apart from a few language breakdown moments and one evening when the service seemed to be run by trainees, everything was most enjoyable and I would stay again.
 The restaurant food was very good, the situation is excellent, beds and pillows great. 
 
it was our 5 stay and will not be the last the hotel and grounds where perfect but the staff where even better its like our second home.
We shall be returning later in the year and look forward to seeing all our friends that work at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa from the management to the breakfast staff.
 
This was our second visit to the Resort and an 8 night package.
 The total experience was one of sheer luxury at a supurb resort. We were upgraded to a superior room, the friendliness of all staff, from cleaners to bar staff and restaurant persons were all of the highest standard. The facilities seem to cater for every persons needs. There are the exersise facilities then abundance of areas to just chill out. Overall, my wife and I will be back to the Resort and include the family all together in the same place. Look forward to experiencing the new bar/ eating area that is currently under construction.
I love everything about Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 My kid loves the pool and was there from morning till afternoon while I could do sunbathing by the beach. 
Breakfast was super.
 The pool bar is also nice.
This was the second time I stayed at Nusa Dua Hotel and Spa.
The location and service is second to none, my partner and I loved our time their!!
Beautiful beach and staff, great facilities.
 Although the dining at the resorts restaurants is of exceptional quality, you will be paying a premium cost.
Very friendly staff and a beautiful, peaceful setting.
 Obviously more pricey than other parts of Bali but worth it for the space and service. This was our 4th stay and no doubt we'll be back. Love it!
 
The Hotel and staff were amazing I would highly recomend anyone to stay at this hotel, the location suited us as you do not get harased in Nisa Dua,and the rooms were exactly as the looked on line, as weel as clean and very comfortable.
traveled as a solo traveler.
 Felt safe. Take a taxi from inside Airport. 
Resort is fantastic and gives a great Bali feel! It sits along "hotel row" and there are other known hotels right next door but this resort was more "Bali" - fantastic spa and service! fantasic food! 
I wont give 5 stars as i did feel at one point a little discriminated against because I had tan skin (filipino/mexican) and i think they thought i was a local instead of a tourist (i came from california!) and did not give me service at the beach like they gave all the other "light skin" guests.
 The breakfast buffet was huge and everything was so tasty! the guest room was a great size and very comfortable!
My Husband and I had never been to the NusaDuaBeachResort and Spa and were very impressed by the attention to details and warmth of the staff throughout the resort.
Lovely gardens,ducks,squirrels and aquatic life made it a joy for our grandson as well.We will be back!
It's a nice resort but a little tired and old.
 Still has good location on the beach which is great for kids. Pool area is nice too but a slide for the kids should be added to increase the fun. One of our reason to choose this hotel was the Raja Balinese resturant which offer halal food for Muslims and we wanted to try the Balinese food that is halal. We were not disappointed the good at Raja Balinese was amazing and I loved their lemongrass, honey ginger and coconut ice cream flavors. Very unique flavors of ice cream.
As it was my third 'stay'(unfortunately without my late husband this time) I found the management and staff as wonderful and accomodating as ever.
 My only 'complaint' if any is the communication barrier with concierge and reception staff.. otherwise my stay was very pleasant and with late checkout,compliments of Bruce White,was very impressed and we were appreciative of the kind gesture. Thank you for making our holiday memorable . Will definitely recommend your resort to family and friends.
This was the 3rd leg of our Asian 5 star tour, and although really nice building, grounds and beach it just lacked a little on a couple of things like service and the room felt very damp (our helpful cleaner Warna said that he could bring a dehumidifier if we wanted, so may have had similar issues?) we decided to turn off the air con at night and seemed to be better.
 Apart from Dewi at the Loung Bar (who was really nice with great interaction skills), Rina (customer relations) and Warna (housekeeping) I can't think of any one else to mention as being stand outs. Look, it's a nice hotel, 5 star - just because of its facilities and location on a great beach. I read that most people raved about the breakfast- well it was just ok nothing great to be honest, apart from the fruit selection.
My husband and I travelled to Bali to attend a wedding.
 54 people travelled from Ireland, USA and Australia for the same reason. The staff were exceptional, the accommodation was superb, the food delicious and the atmosphere relaxed. All needs were catered for. One of the best weddings and times I have experienced.
We have stayed with you a number of times and have always found the amenities and staff excellent.
 We found only one problem and that was the length of the hairdryer cord did not allow you to use the mirror.We would very interested in hearing of any deals you have available in the future.
My partner and myself stayed 3 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel & Spa!
From the moment you drive into the resort you feel impressed.
 Check in was prompt and easy, we were shown to our room & the bell boy/man explained how to work everything in our room which was great! Amazing TV selection (not that you spend a lot of time in the room), the room itself was great! One of the best we have stayed in during our 5 trips to Bali. Very modern but still with a traditional Indonesian feel!
The grounds are amazing; it took us a whole day to work out where everything was (which was a good thing).
 The two pools were great, although we struggled with the temperature, it was quite warm; but this was the same issue with our previous accommodation in Legian, so we assumed it was due to the warm/humid weather!
Breakfast was AMAZING, everything you could want from a buffet breakfast (also included vegemite!!).
 We only ate at restaurants twice, as they were quite expensive (around the same price as Aus). So we got a taxi into Kuta/Legian one night which was around $10AU. The trip out there, back & the meal in Kuta cost us less than the meal at the resort.
My partner play’s competition tennis and was pleased that you could not only play tennis but could also hire a partner, this was only 30,000 to hire! He had a great time & the lovely man who he played was so lovely.
 From the spa/sports centre you can also hire bikes, which we did one morning. You can take them anywhere or stay on the bike track which takes you around the beach. We rode around the streets and then along the beach.
Check out was quick and easy (I actually had to ask “Is that it”).
 I would recommend this hotel for a couples 25+ as it is the perfect place to relax and wind down, in our case wind down from a week of busy Legian.
Defiantly give it a try, I am sure you will love it!
We thoroughly enjoyed our third stay at the hotel.
The hotel amenities & the staff's friendly attentive service were as fantastic as usual.
We also enjoyed the quietness of the spa pool this trip being without the kids.
Our friends (first timers) were very impressed and can't wait to come back again too.
Myself and my husband stayed in this hotel for my brothers wedding.
 It was super... D staff, food, rooms and hospitality was top class! We would highly recommend this hotel. The spa was the best ever... !!
this place was beautiful.
 the breakfast in the morning was my favourite. so much variety and the food was amazing. the staff was very friendly as well, anything we needed they were quick to assist. side restaurants weren't bad. a little salty but typical resort prices. the beach was average and pool was nice. more families not really a young person place.
All was good at the 5 star Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 The only real issue we had was that the pool is too hot. The temperature in March/April and the encompassing humidity you really need a pool which should refresh you and we found that this did not happen. Turn the temp on the pool down and it would be so much better.
Staff were exceptional and met our slightest wish with a wonderful Bali smile.
 we came home feeling completely un-wound and relaxed. Would recommend to all - rooms with balcony were fantastic for an afternoon read or feed the squirrels. Cultural dinners were fantastic - Spa treatments out of this world. Would love to re-visit one day.
Eight nights of luxury, nice suite in Palace Club though no view and building just outside room, however never really noisy.
 Very good staff, lovely surroundings, we spent most of the time between the pools and the beach. Afternoon tea and cocktails and all dinners included plus 3 theme shows.
Very pleasant stay, would come again.
My wife and I had a wonderful enjoyable and relaxing holiday.
 The staff were very attentive and professional. All our queries were answered promptly and cheerfully. We felt thoroughly spoiled and special. The spa treatments were especially enjoyable and the cultural dinners were wonderful. Our welcome evening of cocktails was a great way to meet fellow guests.
We really enjoyed the holiday, Staff was excellent & very polite.
A perfect place for families with kids
rooms well maintained & clean.
Food & drinks served almost all the day if you are staying at the palace club.
.
Nice garden, clean, with some animals.
.
we will come back.
..
 
We just got back from a fantastic holiday at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 Had booked a Luxury Escape package and was a bit dubious as to what we were letting ourselves in for. Couldn't have been happier! From the minute we landed everything was made easy - the pick up from the airport was great - and the check in quick and easy. We paid a bit extra to upgrade our room and it was totally worth it. My 6 year old daughter had her own bed and we had a lovely room looking out onto the pool. The Gecko kids club was a bonus and thoroughly enjoyed by both my daughter and us. The ladies that ran it were lovely and the fact that she could come and go as she pleased while we were sat at the pool worked well for all of us. The activities were fun and lots of friends were made. The food is great although a little limited re the menus available re the package but the quality was great and the kids menu went down very well. The spa sessions were lovely and thoroughly enjoyed. The people working there were friendly and couldn't do enough to help. The package also included a free photograph and we have a lovely reminder of our wonderful holiday. Would definitely recommend this hotel and we hope to return next year.
My husband and I loved our stay with you.
 We wish we could have extended it. The service we received and the wonderful ambience and attention your hotel showed us during our stay was excellent. We look forward to coming back and really hope that you continue to work with Luxury Escapes as it is a fabulous opportunity of promoting your hotel. Thank you, Kim and Rod Venaglia 
 
3rd stay and again loved it,brilliant staff, beaches and food,had the luxury escape package this time- great value though not much variety in chess set lunches and very confusing trying to explain that we had paid an upgrade fee so our children were free- I think to avoid the confusion that they should have their own passports to be stamped and have the staff just cross out the massage and scuba diving that's not included for them feel non alcoholic beverages should be supplied at the buffet dinners as cost adds up when purchasing these additionally, rooms are becoming a bit tired and can be quite noisy, we were kept up by the guest next doors television on a few occasions so sound proofing isn't the best, another suggestion would be to add a pizza option to the kids menu, we travelled with another family and all of the kids were wanting pizza ( which btw the pizza at Sandros is the BEST!) We look forward to our next trip.
Great hotel in Nusa Dua, with spacious rooms and beautiful views.
 Staff are helpful and friendly and we really enjoyed our stay here. Facilities are really good as well. All up this is a top option for accommodation in this area of Bali
Wonderful old style Balinese resort with all we required for a very relaxing two weeks.
 The Indonesian restaurant on site was not popular and the food was not as good as the Asian restaurant. New facilities are being built and will be exciting new additions. Staff are extremely helpful and courteous. Management were extremely helpful and most supportive of a medical problem. All adds up to a return visit with extended family. Garry and Marilyne 
Love the location.
Had a bit of construction going on so detracted from the view a bit.
The kids playground being upgraded while we stayed there gave our children less to do.
All in all it was an enjoyable stay.
Very nice Hotel, in a secured area with all facility there.
Staff is extremely helpful and kind.
We had a very nice experience and will certainly come back.
The food in the restaurants was ok but nothing special, which you might expect for the prices they charge
 
For the price this is certainly not the value that one would look at.
There are other properties in the same vicinity and that give a better ambience and quality. basically this is an old property with the rooms size as very small. The beach is however good and clean. 
 
A good hotel in an expensive area which formed the base for our Holidays in Bali.
 We enjoyed staying here during days of just relaxing and felt it good to come back to after trips on the island. The treatment here is excellent.
For survey, please use "NOT APPLICABLE" as well.
 Because I went for a meeting and I did not have to use much of the service in Hotel. Also, please make sure that rooms smell fresh. They smell a bit bad. Please make bathroom better, it seems torn down. Other than that it is quiet and serene. Thank you. 
Great, staff were friendly and attentive.
 Nusa Dua itself is quite an expensive area, so we found out. Venturing just outside of it found considerably cheaper prices (anywhere up to a third cheaper for something like a massage or bottle of water!). Nusa Dua Beach Hotel had a great pool bar, lounge chairs everywhere, numerous restaurants to choose from. Not a great deal of activities, but these weren't far away by a taxi. Stunning, developed gardens and wildlife everywhere... This resort is luxury.
Nusa Dua is a paradise - certainly the place to go to experience a beautiful, clean Bali beaches.
 Nusa Dua Hotel & Spa is one of the best hotels to spend your holidays in terms of quality of service, cleanliness and excellent location. A great Bali experience.
We enjoyed our 4 day stay at the hotel.
 Food was good and we tried several different restaurants. Nice relaxing stay. The only complaint is that you have to pay for your room internet. Not very happy about that but did connect in free areas easily.
Amazing and great place to stay.
 Will surely comeback here! The value for the services, rooms and ambiance is worth it. The staffs are nice and accommodating. The place is clean, peaceful and romantic (for couples). Meals at the restaurant are many but kinda pricey.
 
This is a clean, hospitable hotel with friendly, accomodating staff and quality food.
 The location is excellent and I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who simply wants a relaxing holiday. Congratulations to staff management for their honest attempts to meet our needs. Well done.
Excellent experience.
 Celebrated Nyepi which was a unique experience. The sports facilities were good. The pool was great. The beach was quiet and lovely. The rooms were clean. Service staff was helpful
Nice hotel and great location in Nusa Dua.
 We stayed at this hotel many years ago and some parts are in need of a facelift. The breakfast buffet was really amazing and the beach is lovely too. It would be great if the wifi was available in the rooms for the price that you pay it seems crazy to ask guest to pay another 100,000 rps per day for in room wifi. In this day and age it is time that it is just rolled into the room price. 
The staff made our stay here incredible in every way.
 What amazing people this resort has working for them. We travelled here from Canada and so for us it was very expensive. The buffet breakfast was fine but paying on average 40-50 U.S. dollars for dinner every evening was a little exorbitant, if you like to have a drink or two on your vacation i would not recommend coming here. An avgerage drink at this resort will cost you 9-10 u.s. a drink
Spa amazing value had two three hourly treatment every second day.
 Great value purchase luxury escape voucher everything they advertised you got.
Food good.
 Staff extremely helpful and not pushy. Will purchase voucher deal again.
 
 
 
 
 
We celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary staying in the Palace Club Suite.
 The resort is fantastic, thanks to the excellent work by the General Manager and helpful staff, we will definitely go back again.
We're family traveler with two boys and strong fans of Nusa Dua.
 We go to the beach more often than amusement parks. I've stayed in this hotel for so many times, probably this is my 11th times. And I enjoy staying at different hotels each time. This time, we stayed six nights in three hotels: Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, Westin, and Sofitel. 
As the first hotel in the Nusa Dua area; for me, it has the most authentic Bali feeling.
 The statue, the praying area, carved wooden ornaments. It has more of these things than the other hotels. This is a plus in my book. Fyi, the "Bali feels" is not luxury by all means, but has the culture built into it. All other stuffs are pretty standard, neither praise nor complaints. Except the price is a bit pricey compare to the other hotels like Westin, and even pricier Sofitel. This hotel does give you free wifi with a speed on about 10mbs and free press reader downloads during your stay. The room has been renovated few years ago but they do need to keep the bed sheet cleaner. Same thing with the floor. It should've been cleaner like the other hotels. 
I've got the price where it is only $6 different than the Westin.
 Imho, either the Westin has a good value, or Nusa Dua Beach is too pricey. It's difficult to decide which is better among the four: Nusa Dua Beach, Westin, Laguna, and Melia. It all depends on your own preferences. The points are more like:
Nusa Dua Beach: Landscape, Bali feels, Friendliness.
 BUT bit pricey
Westin: Luxurious newer room, nice bed, room cleanliness BUT rude staffs in the pool area and pool bar only
Laguna: Quiet, BUT too quiet for some (my kids are too noisy there)
Melia: Fun, Livelier BUT tired room and beds (back pain for me).
For now, I'll either stay at Nusa Dua Beach hotel or Westin.
A dream holiday amazing destination friendly staff would go back tomorrow 
 
 Beautiful location excellent service beautiful beach location large selection of food for breakfast dining room in beautiful setting 
 
Value for money beautiful surroundings luxury & peace no one harassing you staff help you if you need something r have an enquiry you don't have to be rich to enjoy this just accept that you deserve a lovely place 
 
 
This not this hotel did not exceed to my expectations.
 It was a really High price for The slow service, average food and bad tasting drinks, and we vad not very manu choices when it came to food either
Service and location was perfect.
 Overall we were extremely happy with the Palace Club facility, but the routine became a little boring. Hotel could do with some maintenance, but overall a great stay.
 
We found the staff extremely well trained and obliging.
 Hotel itself was very clean & well maintained. I feel there could have been a greater variation in food choice as we ate at the hotel all the time. There was construction of another restaurant so this may have contributed to the limited menu around the pool area & beach! 
Otherwise overall a wonderfull place to stay
!
We could not fault every aspect of the holiday.
 it surpassed my expectations. I loved the spa treatment and the daily beach yoga class was fantastic . We arrived there very much in need of nurturing and a stress free holiday and this was achieved. The staff in particular were just so friendly. I think it would be a wonderful place to have a commitment ceremony or a renewal of vows. i hope to be able to promote this as I think it would be very special. This holiday was also to celebrate our 10 th wedding anniversary but we won't be waiting 10 years to return!
Everything was just perfect- beautiful location - v nice restauraunt.
 In short it was mind blowing. The only problem was the size of the bathroom. It should be little bit big with the glass or the curtains long enough to stop the water going outside.
We loved our stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa.
 The accommodations were superb, although at times, we felt the room could have been a bit cooler, particularly during our sleep time. The grounds are beautiful and so well maintained - a true oasis. The spa treatment was so relaxing and luxuriating. And, the best of all, the wonderful breakfast buffet filled with so many delightful and tasty choices - an abundance for any palate. Try it, you will like it!!
As soon as you get off the plane, the hotel greets you with a smile and a welcome.
 Our driver to Nusa Dua was very friendly and talkative, and it was a great start to the trip. Once we arrived, we were taken to our room which was lovely - probably a little smaller than I thought but very clean and modern. 
I have to say the staff here are easily the best I've ever had the pleasure to meet at any hospitality organisation - every single staff member greets you with a smile and loved to have a chat.
 The kids club was fantastic and nothing was too hard. I once saw a tired mother with son who had fallen asleep in his chair - the staff offered to wheel the whole dinner to their room for no extra charge. On a number of occasions the staff packaged meals for me to take back when my wife fell ill.
The facilities are great - breakfast is literally everything you'd ever want to eat.
 The pools are clean and warm, 24/7. The beach is beautiful, clean and hawker free. Tons of facilities, bikes to hire, and staff everywhere offering to help. The hotel itself is gorgeous and grand - it lights up at night and honestly looks like a postcard. The wifi is surprisingly fast and fantastic - it was free and covered the entire grounds. No download or time limits. Just perfect. HBO on TV too!
We had a wonderful time at Nusa Dua and it was due to the amazing effort this hotel made to ensure we had a great time.
 I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone.
Check in took us over one hour, we found the reception staff had a problem understanding us with our reguest.
I feel the hotel needs a staff member at reception who speaks and undrestands the english language so they can communicate with there guests. 
With our package we had the option of upgrading to a premier room at the extra cost of $200.
00 AUD wich entitled us to a $150.00 US room credit to be spent on food beverage or spa during our stay.
 It took over 24 hours for the request to be understood and put into place.
 
Hotel setting and facility was very good,staff else where in other departments of hotel were exelent and always very helpfull.
Dinning areas for breakfast was exelent and resturants were also very good.
Rooms are well used and worn but aceptable,on the otherhand the bathroom and shower clenliness was not acceptilble, we had lots of mould on the shower walls and floor annd asked the house keeping dept to come and clean on several occations untill we felt they were acceptable but not excelent.
After getting over our few hurdles we had a great time and are happy to say that we are planning a family holiday next year with a group of 16.
 
I feel if the hotel staff can get over this communication problem at the arrival dept and rectify the problem with bathrooms, it will make this hotel a great place for the perfect holiyday.
 
There is little or no variety in the breakfast menu.
 The hotel should have planned for at least a week of rotatory menu, so that guests have always something to look forward to. Information counter staff was very helpful in getting us a baby sitter during nyepi so that my wife and I could go for our spa, kudos to her.
 
First time of staying at this hotel after many trips to Bali.
 The staff are truly amazing. The overall holiday was a lovely experience.
Every restaurant offered wonderful food and wine with friendly staff.
 We will defiantly be back.
Large spacious rooms, clean bathrooms with excellent appointments.
 Staff were very friendly and helpful and the general atmosphere is one of welcome and calmness. Food in the restaurants was tasty. Lovely 
 
Beautiful traditional Balinese hotel.
 We had a lovely relaxing holiday. The staff were friendly and efficient, always a nice smile. Fantastic facilities,awesome lap pool and gym.Nice clean beach. Very nice breakfasts, good variety of fresh fruit and vegetables. The external hotel restaurants were, we feel were below average.Our room was great, very spacious and comfortable with two TVs and two bathrooms. Perhaps to be over critical, the bathroom and shower needed a good scrub.
Absolutely amazing service and resort has everything we wanted for our stay.
 The staff were exceptional from check in to check out. On arrival (late at night) we checked in, but when we got to our room we were not happy with what we booked, so we enquired about upgrading and for an additional US$50 per night we were upgraded to a Palace suite and absolutely loved it. The Suite was enormous and breakfasts in thye Palace club was fantastic, as were the cocktails in the afternoon. The conciege was very helpful and efficient in organising additional golf game at the New Bali Golf club. The staff at this resort were fantastic throughout and the swim up bar was also well used. While the hotel is starting to show it's age in some respects it was still a fantastic experience and we would highly recommend this resort.
This is the first time I have ever stayed in a hotel where you didn't have music booming out, or excessive noise of any kind from the beach, to the pool and the public bars and restaurants, it was shear heaven.
 The hotel is situated right on the beach which is reached through very well maintained luscious gardens. Everything about this hotel from its location through to the rooms and its public areas are fantastic. The staff can't do enough for you. The food is also at a very high level from any of its 5 restaurants. The only thing I could fault it for was that there was no free wifi in the bedroom, but it was free from any other part of the hotel including the pool and beach area. I was in room 4201 which was a family room. The hotel has been there for over 30 years, but looking at all the décor you would believe it, all very modern and clean I would have thought it had only been there for the past 5 years. There is a free courtesy bus that runs from the hotel on the hour to the nearby Bali Centre, which is a small modern shopping Mall with outside shops, restaurants and shops, well worth a visit..
This is a very beautiful accommodation with a very nice beach.
 The place is clean and every single staff is nice and duty full. Most parts of the hotel are stylish and attractive. We stayed for nine days and enjoyed it. There are some important negatives about it. 
1- The price of food compare to good restaurants in Bali is really expensive and that is leaving a bad taste in the mouth.
2- The price of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks is ridiculously high.
 A can of diet coke is charged ten times of price of it in the shops. 
3- You never get a drink properly cold.
 
4- The hotel management is obsessed with imposing restrictions.
 You can’t swim in the pool after evening, you can’t swim in the public owned see after evening and hotels very vigilant security guards would shout at you. They even objected us to take picture from sky near to the Public beach on local New Year eve. 
5- There are many restaurants and bars next to the swimming pool which making the area busy and unattractive for shy guests.
 
An amazing resort with the most welcoming and helpful staff.
 A beautiful hotel amongst amazing surroundings. Buffet breakfast which is set by the most tranquil pond. An amazing pool and swim up bar with bars set around the pool aswell. I have not been to a cleaner beach in bali, raked every morning so the sand is just perfect to watch the sunrise. Along with massages available for a relaxing time in the sun. This is definately a hotel that I will return to, absolutely no complaints its just perfect. And the spa WOW, the most amazing treatments available for any type of day spa treatments.
This is our 2nd time to stay at Nusa Dua Beach hotel.
 We love room 4201 during our stay because it has a separate room for kids. We love free facilities of sauna & jacuzzi also yoga & ice / fruit demo.
I stayed at this Hotel in March 2015.
 This property is a tad old, but well kept and mostly clean. Here are some pros: 
- Some staff are super nice and friendly (some are not, however).
 I booked the Hotel with the help of Ms. Kadek Dwi Ariani, who has been very helpful with all the questions and requests. 
- Rooms are clean and there are many options available (1 bed, 2 beds, 3 beds, bunk beds).
 The only thing regrettable about the rooms is that some of them do not have bath tub and the drainage is a bit poorly constructed. 
- Many restaurant options and the beach as well as the view are breath taking.
 
- Excellent spa service at the Hotel (very convenient).
 
To sum up this is a perfect Hotel for family vacation (and for pampering yourself).
 Would definitely love to come back . 
-
A big THANK YOU to the lovely staff at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
..Especially to the senior manager Dermott for looking after our young family when we stayed recently in late February.
Your Customer care was outstanding and you all went beyond our expectations to make our visit to your resort one that we will never forget.
..I have nothing but praise for all your efforts and will definitely be back for another relaxing holiday at your resort.
Best Wishes.
..Justin Bennett
Our Fourth stay at this hotel.
 The time before this, we stayed at another hotel close by, but returned to this one as we like it better. A great place to end a holiday after Kuta. Wish we could be here more often.
I love Bali and while Nusa Dua is a little engineered you can't help but loving it.
 Beautiful location, fully appointed, quintessential Bali and the spa is off the hook. Just wish I had more time to use it.
There is nothing this place doesn’t have, yet, inside your room you will see maintenance issues everywhere.
 Mosquitoes will fly in from the gaps in your balcony door, and you will see accumulated dust and a bit of cobweb at far corners (Its ok if it doesn’t bother you, cause besides the mosquito, considering the room size is big, and ceiling is high, it will not come in your way of a great sleep). I didn’t get to use the spa as I was there for a conference and had no time for any extra curriculars. Fruit selection in breakfast spread could have been way better, and really leaves something which can be improved asap. The beach is not wow, and its more like a bay, as the waves break really far away from the hotel. So if you are coming for a great beach vacation, i may recommend to book a hotel away from this stretch which includes Westin and this property. Check in and Check out was very smooth- under 5 mins.
We had the most excellent time whilst celebrating my wife's birthday.
 Flowers delivered to our room and a beautiful birthday cake and staff singing happy birthday at the Fire Dance Dinner, such excellent personal touches. The staff are amazing and so friendly and helpful whilst maintaining professional standards. I would definitely recommend paying the extra for the Palace Club which was exceptional. The gardens are magnificent and everything is very well maintained we would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.
Would prefer more privacy for the bathroom in the room when staying with friends - can be noisy when using the bathroom while others sleep
 Pool fabulous.
 Staff amazing Environment perfect. Transfers to airport etc great 
This is how i define a fine Bali hotel.
 The atmosphere is peaceful and tranquil, because of the Balinese touch in building and ornament, perhaps. 
The best from this hotel is a long plain white sand beach to enjoy, eyes pleasing.
 
The staffs are very friendly.
 The room's clean and cozy.
They provide abundant food on breakfast time, i like it! We can have breakfast with nice Balinese garden view.
 Just like in paradise.
We were disappointed with our initial room (I'd say 2 star)at this hotel and felt bad to complain as the staff were so lovely.
 We were moved to another room which was a bit nicer then a couple of days later they moved us again and that room was better again (I'd say 4 star). The Resort itself is a great concept just in need of renovation as it is a bit dated. Breakfast was nice and there are a few restaurants to choose from in the resort. If you walk to the beach you can get cheap massages or use the day spa if you want that spa treatment, staff there were just lovely! You will need to get a good lounge by the pool early as these get taken quickly and most stay around there all day. Good kids pool too! Double check your final bill as we had expenses on there that were not ours and when sorting this out a man overheard us and told us the same thing happened to him. Feel bad giving this review but wish I had done better research before booking! Would not stay here again would stay at Mulia!
i was not feeling well during my stay and i want to thank the friendly and helpful clinic staff who assisted me.
 thanks also to the manager who also provided transportation from Westin back to the hotel when i got sick. generally staff are all courteous and friendly. indeed a quiet place and nature friendly.
 
 
 
We had a very relaxing and enjoyable stay in Nusa Dua.
 The location is excellent, the facilities very good, gardens immaculate and the staff very friendly and helpful. We will be back for more. Can't wait. 
100% recommend paying the extra for a Palace Club stay, we had a suite which was lovely.
The hotel is like heaven! The pool is amazing & the service around it (and the pool bar) was fast & reliable.
 
Highly Highly recommended
 
This is our second stay at this resort and again we have been given a wonderful experience.
 For those who want a relaxing no hassle holiday this is the place. We stayed in a Palace club suite which was very large and spacious. Sadyana a manager in the Palace club was easy to talk to and a very happy person, all the staff are in the resort are very friendly. Having a few days of rain led us to find the games room which is situated above the gym. The gardens and grounds are very well kept. The gym is very clean and has up to date equipment. While we were there we celebrated our wedding anniversary we were treated with flowers, champagne rose petals. If wanting a meal a little cheaper hope on the bus which goes every hour and head to Bali Collection but remember the bus does not go at 12 and 6 as its meal time. Hint- do not take any scratchies from the locals who claim they are not selling anything. Overall we had another wonderful time and cant wait to go back.
Wonderful and relaxing stay.
 Staff are very friendly and accomodating to our requests. We will surely be back again to stay. Breakfast by the ponds was our highlight. Food just wonderful in all venues.
Our holiday was all that we could wish, Very helpful staff who went out of their way to accommodate our needs.
 
Spa and massage facilities excellent as was the food.
The rooms were kept clean at all times.
 
 
 
 
 
We bought an Our Deal offer for 8 nights with inclusions and absolutely loved nothing at all to complain about it! I loved that I could sit at the chess bar and watch my kids swim in the pool and watch husband out surfing in the ocean! Staff were fab, my son tore his toenail off and the dr was called after hours to the I site clinic he was there within 20 minutes and a total of $67 for an injection and dressings! We were invited for a cocktail party which included drinks and food and it was absolutely lovely! Loved it and will def go back!
Fabulous Hotel in a wonderful setting.
 All our needs were met and it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The room we were given did not have a bath so we were given a larger room in the same price category with a sea view and a larger bathroom, so we were delighted. The hotel restaurant's were excellent. Lovely pools and gorgeous beach. Very attentive friendly staff.
Came on a luxury holiday escape package and could not be happier.
 This place is amazing great location. The staff are amazing especially in the palace club. With some packages you are treated differently not here .i have never reviewed before but felt I had to say how wonderful this place is . Wishi had. Bought more packages will definitely be returning .
Our second visit to this beautiful hotel.
 We enjoy the relaxing atmosphere. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The gardens, Spa and swimming pools are very well presented and enduce a peaceful aura of relaxation.. Definately will be back for another visit. Highly recommended
A very good place to stay and rest with family.
 The sea was clean and calm, most of the time spent on the beach. The food is also good in all restaurants, if it seems costly there is a Bali Collection place with lots of cheaper restaurants nearby within 15 mins of walk. 
Squirrels are awesome! Daugther was overwelmed by feeding them with nuts on our balcony and on the beach.
 There are lots of them!
Loved the resort pools, beach, gym, spa, Sandro's pizza restaurant and the buffet breakfast the best.
 Unfortunately though our room was not ready at 3pm check-in, offered voucher at lobby bar. Went back 20 mins later to inform the guy we were going to get lunch in the resort and the guy didn't remember me. The room was finally available at 5pm. Lovely flowers waiting in our room for our anniversary. One hour later fruit basket and two glasses of bubbly arrived. One night the ceiling was leaking water, reported it to reception & a guy arrived with 3 bottles of water for us. Showed him the leaking roof and he arranged a guy to fix it. Later that day the roof started leaking again and the guy came back to fix the leak. Problem rectified the second time. On check out we had our bags collected at 11pm. One hour later when we requested our bags to go to the airport the staff had trouble finding our bags and sent someone to look in our room, even though we told them that had already been picked up. I asked to check in the store room and found our 2 bags sitting in the middle of the floor.
The Hotel has the potential to be a world class hotel but sadly falls short.
 The location is idealic and my first impression was very good. I paid extra to stay in the Palace Club rooms, but it was NOT worth the money I paid each night of almost $400. (It was supposed to have a 24hr Butler service but this was not the case).
THE POSITIVES: The staff in the Palace Club (during the day) especially Dian, (who was my saviour), were wonderful.
 Nothing was ever too much trouble for Dian and she assisted me with everything I needed, she is truly and asset to this Hotel as is the AM Sadnyana, he also went out of his way to ensure I was comfortable. 
THE NEGATIVES: The biggest concern I had during my stay was that barely anyone could understand English.
 I did NOT expect this. It became very upsetting and spoilt my stay greatly. Simple things like ordering room service or calling reception were next to impossible to get any one to understand. I spoke with many guests during my stay and they also found the same thing. I had to change rooms as the shower and the fridge in my first room were not working, again trying to explain this was horrendous. Maintenance men were coming in and out and finally had to get in the shower and open all the holes in the shower head as they were all broken and the fridge thermostat was broken. My biggest concern was if I was unwell and called for help no one would understand and that frightened me so much that I wanted to leave the Hotel and find another one or go home. I asked to speak to the Hotel Manager and he promply came to speak to me, he was very kind and moved me to another beautiful room but sadly he did not follow up the rest of the time with me to see how things had been going and I had further trouble in the new room and it took several hours to make it understood that the alarm clock was set to 5am and kept waking me up and I could not turn it off. After many different maintenace men coming into the room and not understanding finally at midnight a Manager came and realised it was broken and had it replaced but it had completely ruined my night as I could not relax and I was very upset as this was not the first time I spent hours sorting out maintenance issues. The renovations were also very disruptive and woke me up most mornings and I could not sit out on the balcony without hearing the noise. I do not know if I would stay at this Hotel again as it was not worth the money I paid, but there is certainly potential!!!
Loved every minute at this beautiful hotel, staff were so friendly and helpful and the massages are to die for! Great for families if your not wanting to stay in busy kuta.
 Only thing a little disappointing was the food selection.
Far from the Centeral Bali which is Kuta but a nice Hotel Resort on the Beach and amazing Getaway.
 Relaxing ! THe Pool and the Beach Dinning experience made it even better.
If you are in Bali and need to slightly far from Centeral area nice place to be.
 All the better resorts and good hotels in this area which is new developed.
A most idyllic resort.
 Friendly informative reception-Superb cuisines, relaxing atmosphere and excellent service.
Not a thing to criticize.
More than highly recommend. Close to airport and cruise port. 
 
This property is very old now and even the refurbished rooms feel dated and shabby.
 
The hotel staff do try but they don't have much to work with in terms of quality of rooms or the food.
 The only place with decent food is their Raja restaurant. 
Great R&R location and far from the madding crowd, The adjacent beach strip both North and South continually improves with more peer group establishments.
 
However the Palace Club team provide exceptional service and make it hard to think about staying anywhere else,
Will be back later in the year.
Will see you all later this year,
 
 
I had my bestest holiday getaway with Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 Lovely atmosphere, warm staff, everybody so sweet and helpful. The ambience was amazing and our room for the honeymoon couple suite was very well looked after.
We had access to the private beach and few restaurants located inside the hotel.
 daily lavinsh breakfats spread and 3 hours long spa and facial was an icing on the cake.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in this hotel and never wanted to leave from there.
 So beautiful experience and value for money, that I would love to come to bali every year just to stay in this hotel :)
We went there for honeymoon in Nov mid and I find this place amazingly beautiful.
 we received warm welcome at reception and room was also decorated for the special occasion. We got complimentary wine and fruits in evening as well. Though the beaches were terribly hot in day time it was pleasant in night. In night, resort lightings made our mood romantic. It is advice to the travellers that if you don't like resort's food then there is no option nearby as well! We tried to went outside for some romantic place for dinner but it was all in vain. Resort restaurants are quite expensive. Also make sure you are not hiring any cab from Hotel as it is almost twice or thrice the cost available outside. Just walk down 200-300m from resort and you will find can stand from where you can bargain up to 60-70%. Bargain is must in BALI in everything. Resort amenities and ambience are both worth mentioning. Rooms were very clean and staff was courteous enough to quickly respond to any help.
I couldn't pick a thing! May be more entertainment otherwise perfect! It was my first time in bali and it was great to escape husle into our little paradise.
 We enjoyed our monday night the most dinner and show in the outdoor theatre was like a dream !
 
Our family (two adults, two kids) loved the hotel and atmosphere.
 The service was great with one exception: when we checked in second room of ours was not ready. It was cleaned and otherwise ready but it seemed an employee of the hotel has used the room: there was half eaten fruits on the table and clearly someone has been taken naps in the bed. The luggage boy was very sorry and asked us to wait in the kids room while they are cleaning the room. But it took one and half hour to clean it and we were very tired after travelling. And we didn't get any compensation, just apologies. But otherwise our seven days staying in Nusa Dua beach hotel was very satisfying.
Great resort with all the facilities you need and in a true Balinese style.
 Stayed in the Palace Club with was amazing and definitely worth the upgrade. Staff were lovely and always helpful. Only downside is the slipery-ness of the floors in the guest rooms. Whilst it looks amazing, we did slip a few times as its so polished! But would stay here again and recommend to anyone travelling to Nusa Dua
Overwhelming in all respects.
With the sole exception of a lack of clear identification of the location of our room, there was nothing that we could fault, from the time we were collected at the airport, until we checked out.
All, repeat all, of the staff that we came into contact with, were courteous and helpful.
Definitely worth a stay! Top service, breakfast and a lovely hotel.
 Not anything to do or to eat outside the hotel (if your not driving), and the beach was ok! But I will definitely recommend it to my friends!
This is our second time staying in this hotel, once again we enjoyed a great time here.
 Styaffs are freindly, fun pools for my two little ones. My little girl loves sitting at the pool bar drinking coke( which she is not allowed normally). Everyafternoon, while our 20months son goes to sleep, our 4 year old daughter will go to the kids centre for some art craft activities. They both enjoyed feeding the fishes, squirrels, birds, ducks... The only draw back is the air con in is a bit noisy. However, we will still be coming back to this hotel when we visit Bali agian. 非常好的酒店，很适合有小孩的家庭。我会推荐给去巴厘岛度假的朋友的。我们自己住了2次，以后也还会去。里面有很多小动物，非常亲近自然，泳池也非常多样化，适合各类人群。里面的建筑也非常有传统风味，住过旁边WESTIN， 还是觉得这里好。听说是努沙杜瓦海滩最早的一家酒店。怪不得里面的服务员有很多年纪都很大了呢
 
 
 
I like this hotel as it is very clean and with nice beach and view.
 However, the only regret was the raining when we spent the day in the hotel... But I will choose this hotel again if I have another chance to come.
The property is very well kept it is tropical with with beautiful gardens with streams , waterfalls, ducks, squirells and the architecture is amazing.
 All the management and staff were very professional, and caring considering that I was meant to go with my husband and due to unforseen circumstances went alone .
They went out of their way to accomodate me and make me happy!They were very caring I was allocated a room with a shower and moved me to one with a bath when I requested it.
They have entertainment almost every night and the food is high quality and delicious.
 I am going back before the end of the year and would highly commend the Hotel to anyone who likes to be right on the beach.I also enjoyed the sea there as there are parts of Bali that one cannot swim in the sea at the resorts.
Was there on our 12th Honeymoon.
 Nothing can say about accommodation which was absolutely great. Great atmosphere to enjoy. Best choices of restaurants with great delicacies and theme dinner. The staff was very friendly,helpful and professional. Friendly resort for both families and couple. Highly recommended. 
Had ten days at Nusa Dua and enjoyed every minute staff are wonderful nothing is too much trouble,breakfast is excellent and varied,grounds are immaculate .
If I had to nitpick I would say the room was a bit tired and the heavy wardrobe doors would slide back and nearly take your fingers off but overall a lovely hotel in a beautiful area with a nice beach and wonderful staff.
We haven't even finished our holiday here yet and feel compelled to write something! We are having the most beautiful, relaxed time.
 We are on night 3 out of 11 and have many good things to say about the hotel....
First, the staff are just gorgeous.
 They are friendly, very polite, have a great sense of humour, helpful and so eager to go above and beyond to ensure guests are well taken care of. 
A special mention goes to Yoga who works at The Chess Bar.
 He remembers our names and what we like to drink and is excellent at his job. He is genuinely interested in people and cares about the quality of our holiday, making suggestions and recommending various places of interest. 10/10 to you, Yoga! Thank you for contributing to our relaxing time away!
Second, the resort itself is very comfortable, extremely clean (staff constantly working to keep it clean) and the ambience is very relaxing.
 It's therapeutic just to sit by the pool, near the beach, in the gardens, or listening to the beautiful singers in the evening by the bar......there is simply no room here for stress, worry or concerns.
Third, the food is delicious.
 Starting with buffet breakfast, there is a nice range to choose from without being overwhelming, I particularly love the omlettes made to order and crepes. The tropical fruits sourced locally are amazing. Jackfruit is my new found favourite fruit, but also the guava, mango and sourstrop are a delight to the tastebuds. We have found that breakfast keeps us going until dinner. The variety of food on offer is good and we have not been disappointed. Servings are sufficient to be satisfying. We are yet to attend the three dance shows/buffet dinners, so we can't comment on those yet, but expect nothing less than excellence!
The cost of food and drinks in the resort is a little pricey for what we would have expected to pay in Bali.
 We cannot comment yet as to whether there are good restaurants out of the resort precinct that are easily accessible, which may be an option if wanting to spend less on food or drinks, however, in saying that, this minor critique has not in any way dampened our holiday or diminished the quality of our stay here.
It is disappointing to read some negative comments on trip advisor about Nusa Dua Hotel.
 Perhaps some people are used to high end luxury that we have only some experience of and are making comparisons in that way, or perhaps some people can just never be happy and must find something to complain about. I don't know, but the minor complaints I've noticed people mention here, I haven't even noticed. I guess some people are just impossible to please.....
We love it here and highly recommend Nusa Dua Resort to anyone who needs a break away.
PS.
.. As a professional singer, the harmonies these three fellas are singing at The Chess Bar are just magic!
This is by far the best Hotel in Bali 
The GM Mr Klee definitely knows how to look after each and every guest the Director of sales Rubi
Is flawless.
 The staff so kind and friendly . The food and service Manager goes beyond the call of duty and all the other Mangers and staff are so helpful a huge huge thankyou, I have had so much stress in my life, your kindness empathy has truely brought me to tears. Your hotel is definitely 5 star but to me the staff rate 10 stars, I am tearing up just writing this review on your beautiful hotel. 
From the people that clean our room to the front line staff all so efficient with beautiful smiles .
 ThankYou so so much for making my stay such a beautiful experience . To all who helped organise my 50th Birthday ThankYou so so much , sad as the day was for me due to my daughter being unwell. I will treasure what you beautiful people did for me . Mr Klee and Rubi I owe you both so so much for all your kindness and empathy . . I do hope the owner of this beauful resort reads this as he should be so proud of the staff he has hired. Not only do they do a fantastic job, but they go way beyond the call of duty and they did that with me . I cannot recommend this hotel enough to people as it is world class. So professional so flawless ThankYou everyone I was blessed this week 
Kind Regards 
Jennifer Solomons .
Very good beach, service, shows and the complex is really fantastic.
 The restaurant for breakfast has a wonderful lake, the lobby is beautifull, a theater in the middle of the complex where you can take diners with shows, a bar on the beach with live music. I reccomend it
The hotel carries a balinese feel.
 Most decor n room furnishings are wood crafted. Grounds are very clean, neat n tidy. Highly recommend Raja's restaurant. Excellent Balinese food with a twist. Only disappointment is the Spa. The Spa is located in a superb surrounding with a nice isolated pool away from main building. The therapist tho lacks training. Very mediocre... very average... below average.
We have travelled around the world the past 20 years and rate our stay at Nusa Dua Beach Resort one of our most memorable.
I strongly recommend upgrading to The Palace Club as the privacy and service was excellent.
All staff in the club were very caring and helpful, particularly Nona and Nyoman.
 The club offers great value for the money spent upgrading.
Ron and Annette .
We have just enjoyed a lovely all inclusive 7 day luxury escape at NDBH&S in a Premier Room.
 Beach is better than others in Bali, grounds are immaculate and nothing too difficult for the staff. Will come back!
If you're looking for somewhere to just kick back and relax - look no further.
 This resort is one of the first established but still holds its own in both facilities and definitely price compared to some of its rich cousins along the famous Nusa Dua 'millionaires row'. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable and we would recommend getting one overlooking the pool/beach area as this is the heart of the resort. But surely staying in a resort isn't about your room, right? A room is for sleeping and the rest of the resort is for playing! Some great restaurant options, two fantastic pools and a beautiful beach - all a few steps from your bed... that's the beauty of this resort. The staff a wonderful which is the icing on the cake. Our day consisted of feasting on the great breakfast, down to a deck chair at the beach for the wonderful views and a swim at high tide, lunch on the beach or beside the pool, then back to a deck chair at the pool for happy hour (which goes for three hours). Dinner at the resort or venture outside the gates to a place like The Tavern when you're ready or if you care. A highlight of this resort is the wonderful pool bar - does life get more relaxing than sitting on a chair waist deep in water enjoying a beer or cocktail and simply plunging back for a swim to cool off every now and then. We met some great people as well which only enhanced the experience. Spa massages were great and just added to the relaxation factor! Great path along the front of all the resorts allows you to get a little exercise each morning - if you want! We took the Luxury Escapes package and it was great value. Will everything go smoothly on your stay - nah, this is Bali. Will you leave relaxed and satisfied overall - absolutely. Well done Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa. Thanks for a great stay and we will be recommending you to anyone who asks!
Brilliant.
Whilst the breakfast bar and buffet were overcrowded the rest of the facility was great.
 Good service, good amenities and a couple of first class restaurants. The ability to work whilst away from the office was also a bonus.
Thanks
 
we have stayed many times as palace club guests at the resort and just love the place.
 We stayed 10 days and every day was a delight.
The staff are very attentive and accommodating, nothing is too much trouble and we always feel very welcome.
(We look forward already to our return )
The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable with a great atmosphere and the grounds are delightful and beautifully maintained.
Only complaint we would have is that the pool is a bit warm , but that's out of their hands.
We highly recommend the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for a peaceful, relaxing,enjoyable holiday .
Excellent value for a beach side resort in this area.
 Great open-air common areas, nice room for the money and good overall facilities. Restaurants were a bit pricey, but good quality food overall. Beach was well maintained, but quite a bit of seaweed, so not that great during low tide. Service was good, although I was a bit annoyed that they wanted us to pay for a late checkout; after a one-week stay and a generous tab that we'd run up I think they could have spotted us the room as a general 'thanks'... the place was not booked up. Couple of minor complaints: the pools close down at 7 pm (not sure why) and the concierge was not very helpful in helping use determine restaurants to go to in the surrounding area.
This was a very enjoyable experience.
 The Nusa Dua area is a tourist precinct that retains a lot of the true Balinese spirit - friendly helpful staff and a truly relaxing ambience. You can as we did, use this as a base for day trips to all parts of the island and then as a welcome respite after travelling through the absolutely chaotic but slow traffic - there are no shot cuts or quick routes to anywhere in Bali ! or you can while away the days poolside and on the beach. There is an excellent spa and exercise centre - air conditioned of course and again the staff are very helpful and friendly.
we stayed for six nights at the end of January in two adjoining rooms , not overly spacious but had enough storage and bathrooms great, pools are lovely with plenty of space and sunbeds ,Breakfast is great with good selection but other restaurants a bit of a disappointment with not a great choice and average quality for the cost, we used the gym and the spa pool also the early morning yoga which was a great experience, Wifi was good around the hotel 
I was also disappointed in the customer service as we accidently left some things in the room which they said they never found
We booked a family deluxe room which were two inter connecting rooms.
 very satisfactory for adults and kids. The rooms and bathrooms were in need of updating, "tired," the expression others have used. There was only one chair to sit on so television was watched from a very comfortable bed and wonderful pillows. There were two chairs on a rather squashy balcony which were a bit grubby and often wet from heavy showers. We had no curtains in the main bedroom so the morning light streamed in very early but I rang house-keeping to ask if the curtains could be put up again and they promptly arrived although only one curtain was available but it helped,Ok apart from those few negative observations it is a lovely resort in a perfect position on the beach. plenty of lounges, (needing wiped down by staff, but never happened!)under shady trees and umbrellas,The staff are delightful, helpful and courteous.The tropical gardens are beautiful and well maintained as are the lovely Balinese public areas.The Gecko kids club lacks a little enthusiasm from some of the helpers, at times.
Breakfast was ample but never varied for the nine days we were there.
We had one theme dinner , The Fire Dancers, were brilliant but not so the buffet meal. 
Nusa Dua is a peaceful area and the Resort a good choice for a family holiday
23 years ago whilst travelling to New Zealand with my mother-in-law, we stopped at the Nusa Dua fBeach Hotel or an overnight break.
 Our time in Bali left a lasting impression on my mother-in-law that during a return trip to New Zealand this year we decided to revisit Bali as a surprise for her. Naturally there was only one place we would stay.
The friendlyness of the staff complete with their devotion to serving their guests made for a very enjoyable stay.
 It was worth the extra expense staying in the Royal club, which provided a welcome haven. Breakfast watching the ducks, squirrels, monitor lizards and other wildlife was so relaxing and provided calming oasis that was so much needed.
The afternoon tea and evening cocktails were an added bonus as was the free Balineese massage and a cultural evening, which turning out to be an incredible sea-food BBQ.
Nice resort.
 Good location. We had a premier room which was lovely and short walk to pool. Unfortunately they are undergoing building works when we stayed there (end ofbFeb 2015) around the main pool and the noise was a bit of a nuisance if you plan to sit around or eat lunch by the pool during the day.
 
Just returned from a four day stay at this magnificent Hotel.
 From check-in so efficiently taken care of by Ms.Dian to departure where we wished a safe travel home by the Assistant Manager, our stay was one we will treasure. We upgraded to Club Lounge which I thoroughly recommend for the small extra charge. All the staff at Club Lounge were exceptional and a pleasure to meet. The Hotel is set in beautiful extensive grounds with a private beach, several pools etc. etc. We met the Manager at a small cocktail party, he was most charming and must be commended for running this Hotel to perfection. We were very sad to say good-bye to this Hotel and its wonderful staff.
The facilities are excellent.
 This is our second visit and it was outstanding, The spa is one of the best we have experienced.A most relaxing and enjoyable week. Your staff are very polite and most attentive, especially in the Palace Club.
This was the second time we have stayed at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.
 
What can I say but we will return.
 We used the Luxury Escape Voucher, it is great value for money.
The hotel and staff are the best.
It was so good to come home to Nusa Dua after visiting other areas in Bali
Great place to stay, a very couple/family orientated hotel.
 Relaxing environment, staff are very quick to help with any request. The spa, pool and beach facilities were brilliant. 
It was lovely to attend a number of cultural/theatre evenings within the resort.
 It really is a fantastic place to stay.
Environment is good.
 Crew help very much. Room quite good but can be improve. Swimming pool already in renovation, what a a shame. Beach is quite nice. The wedang jahe restaurant was my favorite. Keep improve.
 
It has a separate beach and a large swimming pool.
 And this a resort-style hotel has a variety of restaurants inside. You can enjoy a meal and soft drinks in the restaurant and then you can be able to spend a romantic time to walk to the beach. Swimming pool is consist of variously, and It have children's play area, spa system. So, this hotel is good place to stay with kids and parents.
Our first trip to bali in March 2014.
 We were pleasantly surprised to walk into Nusa Dua hotel and spa and be treated like royalty, we stayed in a palace suite which was beautiful, staff were our favourite in the palace club. The hotel pools were so clean and staff cleaning the paths and the beach made it pretty all the time. There is also excellent security, we felt very safe. Breakfast and the dinner shows with amazing buffets were the best. Loved it can't wait to come back in June.
We spent 8 days at the Nusa Dua Beach hotel, staying in an ocean view Palace Club suite.
 Our room was very comfortable, the rooms are a little tired and the shower head could do with replacement. The grounds are immaculate and breakfast each morning at the Palace club was a wonderful way to start the day. The pools are good , great towels and shade is easy to find. 
The Spa was wonderful, the range of services was excellent and quite good value.
The restaurants are OK, Maduro has some tasty food but the Sashimi Chef needs a sharper knife! Dinner on the sand at the Chess Bar was a lot of fun.
One real high point was the staff, wonderfully attentive, polite and very welcoming.
 You don't necessarily get the REAL Bali in the Nusa Dua enclave but what you get is a great base to explore from.
Happy to recommend.
We loved the place, the atmosphere and the facilities.
 The staff are very courteous too. It's nice to have everything you need at the hotel. They even have an atm inside the property. 
I prefer this hotel than Sofitel which has contemporary design.
The driver who fetched us from the airport and who took us for two day trip was very knowledgeable of Bali and very polite too.

